In that sense, the Lisbon agenda is sailing into unchartered waters.
The UNECE warned that attempts to bring about a controlled reduction in the US current account deficit could cause difficulties.
Wentworth is also known for his photography of mundane, everyday subjects such as a cigarette packet jammed under the wonky leg of a table.
That brought to 49 the number of banks that Mr Bondi has sued, a mass of legal action that could bring in as much as 3bn euros.
Investors want Deutsche to return cash to shareholders rather than bid.
2004 gains were less spectacular, but still respectable.
It was first performed on Broadway in 1966 with Gwen Verdon in the title role, while Shirley MacLaine starred in the 1969 film version.
Two weeks' ago the group also announced it would be able to shave a further $48m a year from its costs with changes to wage and benefits for most of its US-based management and clerical staff.
Pernod is home to brands including Chivas Regal Scotch whisky, Havana Club rum and Jacob's Creek wine.
Analysts said Fiat seemed to have done well out of the deal, although some predictions had expected a 2bn euro pay-off.
Critics have savaged the three-hour epic, which reportedly cost $150m (£77m) to make.
There has been extensive speculation about a possible takeover of the company since an attempted merger with Deutsche Boerse failed in 2000.
Your local IT supplier will be able to advise on this.
A Marsh spokeswoman said Mr Bewlay was no longer with the company.
The Ukraine's new president, Viktor Yushchenko, will also be there - as will newly elected Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas.
Airline shares closed lower on the announcement, with Delta, Continental and American Airlines all falling by more than 7%.
"I may add that we are perilously close to the limits of fiscal prudence and there is no more room for spending beyond our means," he said.
Further reports had suggested that Euronext could make an offer in excess of the LSE's 533p a share closing price on Friday.
Signed to the RCA record label, Kasabian tested the water with two singles, Club Foot and LSF, which reached numbers 19 and 10 in the UK singles chart respectively.
Because we already own Liffe in London, the cost savings available to us from a merger are far greater than for Deutsche Boerse," the newspaper quoted the executive as saying.
A wireless router/access point in the house with a wireless LAN card in the PC in the renovated area may be sufficient.
Its lawyers now accept ABN Amro, BNP Paribas, Calyon, JP Morgan Chase Bank, and Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein were not involved in the sale financing.
"We'll stay definitely until Christmas
Noggin the Nog was one of the best children's programs.
In today's media, it seems the past is the future.
Viotti's last public performance was on 5 February when he conducted Vincenzo Bellini's Norma at the Vienna State Opera.
Corbett goes on to criticise "reality programmes where they put people in a house for a fortnight and film them doing everything".
"Everybody is responsible and thus no one.
The Leuven-based brewery said it would own 97.3% of the voting shares and 98.8% of the non-voting shares of Sun Interbrew.
US rock band REM have been forced to cancel concerts after bass player Mike Mills was taken to hospital suffering from "severe flu-like symptoms".
But Mr Campbell said he learned that Morrison planned to release the album through Jet Star, which is advertising it on its website.
The independent film festival will feature two new international cinema competitions, during its 20-30 January season in Utah.
Aaliyah was a rising star in music and film before she was killed.
When a major part of the global economy is below potential there are negative consequences... for the citizens of those economies... and for their trading partners," he said.
"In part because it is one of the few books to have changed my life," he told bridgetothestars.net.
Mr Karger said the comic might boost younger viewers, but Mike Goodridge thought Rock's humour could prompt America's conservative states to switch off.
The ISEQ index of leading shares closed up 23 points to 6661.89 on Thursday, fuelled by strong growth in banking and financial stocks.
backing singers Pepsi and Shirlie.
What about all the REAL artists out there over the last 25 years - the list is endless, but Robbie Williams doesn't even come close.
But you don't know what the unexpected will be and as the musical director, it's exciting," explains Conti.
Details of his Vermont colleague Pat Leahy's credit card account are among those missing, Senator Leahy's spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler said.
Similarly, Asian investment helps bridge the gap in the current account - the deficit between what the US as a whole spends and what it earns.
The plant, licensed to Phytopharm in 1997, has been used for thousands of years by the Sans bushmen of the Kalahari desert to stave off hunger.
If they still want you to come, you should."
The Oscar nominations do not seem to have had an impact on fans' choices at cinemas.
The unidentified Parmalat source also told Reuters that the company was planning to take action against a total of 80 financial institutions.
In the US, it has long been established as an upmarket brand - even the presidential limousine carries the badge.
As Chris Rock accurately said, they're about celebrity and fashion," Mr Strauss said.
But the group had to stop during the next song to persuade fans not to push forward and allow security guards to pull people out of the crush.
They plan to open every day if possible, although Evans did not know how often he would be there.
Yukos has always insisted the auction was state-sponsored theft
There are also three breweries in Ukraine, in the cities of Chernigov, Nikolaev and Kharkov.
Chris Hawkins, host of BBC 6 Music's chart show, said the band had "great guitars and a mastery of the electro-clash sound".
Aimed at children aged 10 to 13, it is hoped the contest will help keep British ballet evolving.
"Current government expenditure should come from tax revenues," Mr Khatami said.
"Thank you very much.
The Streets, aka British rapper and songwriter, Mike Skinner have topped a poll to find the year's best album.
Falling sales have left Mitsubishi Motors with underused capacity, and the production deal with Peugeot gives it a chance to utilise some of it.
But the government seemed keen not to make the review look like the kind of wholesale renationalisation which many fear in Russia, Mr Hensel said.
Margaret Atwood (Canada)
He is currently in charge of Nissan's operations across Asia and Australasia and is credited with significantly improving its sales in China.
Ray director Taylor Hackford, responsible for the classic 1982 film An Officer and a Gentleman, has also received an Oscar nomination in the best director category.
Everybody knows the words to Bohemian Rhapsody, Nothing Compares 2 U, etc.
She said that issues over the exact format of the programme and a time slot were still to be decided.
President Bush's government, which has been a strong supporter of the 40-year-old trade embargo on Cuba, introduced even tighter restrictions on Cuba in May.
"If the original privatisation is annulled and a new tender issued, then we would look at it with great interest," a spokesman told BBC News.
Telecoms firm Eircom, which recently revealed that it would re-enter the Irish mobile phone market, hit a yearly high.
The focus has been on the country's massive trade and budget deficits, and analysts have predicted more dollar weakness to come.
It could take several months for the WTO's dispute settlement panel to report its findings.
Oxfam senior policy adviser Max Lawson welcomed the statement and said G7 ministers had "passed the first hurdle of 2005".
Robert Oatley and his son Sandy Oatley have both resigned from Southcorp's board following the share deal.
Comedy drama Desperate Housewives managed to pull in five million viewers at one point during its run to date, attracting a quarter of the television audience.
Mr Hernandez said: "After gaining entry, they found Mr Davis had passed away. "
"Given this new information, its is not clear that the cardiovascular risk observed in Approve makes Vioxx unique in the class of similar drugs marketed in the US," Mr Kim explained.
Mr Murray is already Sunderland's leading shareholder, holding a 37.6% stake, and now hopes to take full control of the Championship side.
She had back-to-back court appearances in two separate cases in Los Angeles, first pleading no contest to attacking a woman with a whisky bottle.
The organisers also hope that the new Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, will use the opportunity for talks with at least one of the three Israeli deputy prime ministers coming to the event, a list that includes Shimon Peres.
But global sales of recorded music were flat in 2004, with growing sales in DVD music videos offset by online and physical piracy in major markets.
They should seize the moment," Mr Prettejohn, Lloyd's chief executive said.
Meanwhile, Southwest Airlines saw its fourth-quarter 2004 profits fall 15% to $56m, against $66m a year earlier.
It is useful to structure these meetings in advance as often they get relegated to less important status when times are busy - with the danger that when the workload eases, they have to be resurrected.
The song was actually an invention by Rodgers and Hammerstein.
But President Vladimir Putin has described the affair as a crackdown on corruption - and the BBC's Sarah Rainsford in Moscow says most Russians believe the destruction of Yukos is now inevitable.
A £100,000 reward has been offered for information leading to a conviction.
Yukos claims that it is being punished for the political ambitions of its founder, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, who is now in jail facing separate fraud charges.
It claimed both film-makers "tossed Hollywood convention out the window".
this week managed to boost by 72% the price of their iron ore, a key component of steel.
With the figures apparently the worst we've seen in the post-war period, these numbers are very charged politically," said Christian Jasperneite, an economist with MM Warburg.
The Edge of Reason was named Evening Standard Readers' Film of 2004 at the central London ceremony.
The UK has two contenders in the best live action short film category.
Jurors saw the film, in which the pop star held hands with the alleged victim, on Tuesday.
Total company vehicle unit sales in 2004 were 6,798,000, an increase of 62,000 units from 2003.
At the turn of the year, Kapranos told BBC News Online the band were fed up with serious bands in "that post-rock thing that seemed to be doing its damndest to avoid any bloody tune".
The meeting between Fiat boss Sergio Marchionne and GM's Rick Wagoner is due to take place at 1330 GMT in Zurich, according to the Reuters news agency.
But he has rejected any tariff increases, alleging this will impoverish citizens further.
Also, there will surely be a wider spectrum for international music as three top radio DJs unite under the One World name.
In its first overview of the disaster, the ADB said the impact on economic growth would be slight because major cities and factories escaped damage.
A Republican senator from Kansas, Sam Brownbeck, is set to call for a maximum $3 million (£1.6 million) fine for repeated violations.
Now Mr Tsutsumi faces criminal charges and the possibility of a prison sentence because he made it look as if the 10 biggest shareholders owned less than this amount.
Now we see this can disappear in a few days, a few minutes.
Mr Khodorkovsky is in jail on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
Urban as a genre is very broad.
The US's overall trade deficit with China was $124bn in 2003, and is expected to rise to about $150bn for 2004.
Record producer Terry Melcher, who was behind hits by the Byrds, Ry Cooder and the Beach Boys, has died aged 62.
The 40-year-old comic has already promised not to swear live on air during the show.
Mr Bush indicated there would be "strict discipline" on non-defence spending in the budget.
The biggest cheer of the night was reserved for The Aviator star Leonardo DiCaprio, who paused in the chilly February air to sign autographs for the throngs.
Closer that had already clinched him a Golden Globe award.
Sizzla, whose real name is Miguel Collins, has released 25 albums since 1995 and is credited with taking dancehall music back to its reggae origins.
He distanced himself from the movie because of the direction it eventually took, and the film bombed.
But, in many cases, firms had been forced to top up funds to tackle "yawning deficits".
The Adam Smith Lecture celebrates the author of 1776's Wealth of Nations, which became a bible of capitalism.
The Nikkei 225 index ended the day up 0.7% at 11,740.60 points, with the yen strengthening 0.7% against the dollar to 104.53 yen.
And so what of "Urban" music?
Muse, whose members met in south Devon, beat Franz Ferdinand, Jamie Cullum, Kasabian and The Libertines for best British live act.
Reliance Group acquired the government's 26% stake in IPCL - India's second-largest petrochemicals company - in 2002, as part of the privatisation drive.
Elsewhere on the top 10, second-placed rock band Bloc Party began their rise after supporting Franz Ferdinand and UK garage MC Kano, in third, is signed to The Streets' record label.
Yet, other retailers - including HMV, Monsoon, Jessops, Body Shop and Tesco - reported that festive sales were well up on last year.
"Maybe a fragment should stay a fragment," said Rifkin.
Mr Walsh, who took charge in 2000, and his team have earned praise for turning Aer Lingus around, by cutting air fares and staff, and re-positioning it as a low-fare airline to rival Ryanair.
Vivendi advisor Deutsche Bank was also the subject of a complaint filing.
Sales of legally downloaded songs shot up more than tenfold in 2004, with 200 million track purchased online in the US and Europe in 12 months, the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) reported last month.
Analysts had expected Japan's Nippon to agree to a price rise of between 40% and 50%.
The live concert session tracks they have picked include The Specials' Rat Race recorded at Hammersmith Odeon in London and Public Enemy's
A US musicologist has recreated a lost musical score by German composer Johann Sebastian Bach.
"I do not think there is anything that Manchester United fans can do about it," he told the BBC.
"I've appreciated British cinema for a long time and to be recognised like this is a special honour.
With the recovery slowing, the world's second biggest economy is now expected grow by 0.2% in 2004.
the hip hop tainted thing
50 Cent, whose second album is about to be released after his debut made him one of hip-hop's biggest stars, has been involved in recent rivalries with fellow artists including Fat Joe, Nas and Jadakiss.
"People started to say we had gone mainstream and Hollywood, but actually Hollywood came to us because suddenly there was good business in independent film," he adds.
Around 140,000 people were killed and five million left homeless or without food and water after an earthquake below the Indian Ocean sent waves crashing into coastal communities in 11 countries.
The decline came despite Multiplex reporting an 11% rise in pre-tax profits to A$67.7m for 2004 and reaffirming its 2005 profit forecasts.
The last time retailers endured a tougher Christmas was 23 years previously, when sales plunged 1.7%.
She expressed her anger at the person who "hasn't worked and wants to take what's yours". "
Spending on health and education will rise by 9.4% and 8.1% respectively.
Singapore's economy had contracted over the summer, weighed down by soaring oil prices.
The scheme's formal launch is January, but hirings for these positions are already taking place and affecting the unemployment statistics, economists said.
The unions said the end of engine production at the facility would mean the loss of 800 jobs.
"There are elements of our musical output which require sustenance because they aren't self-sufficient," he said.
The German group's ownership of Clearstream has been seen as the main stumbling block to a London-Frankfurt merger.
The US division - whose marques include Dodge and Jeep - transformed a full year operating loss of 506m euros in 2003 into a 1.4bn euros profit last year.
It is also a debut nomination for Staunton, 49, who told BBC News 24 she had not thought the film would appeal to Academy voters.
At a dinner on Friday night, former South African president Nelson Mandela backed Mr Brown's plan when he urged the finance chiefs to write-off African debt and provide an extra $50bn (£26.69bn)
Of the 20 manufacturing sectors surveyed by ISM, 13 reported growth.
On the news, Oracle shares rose 15 cents - 1.1% - on Nasdaq.
French actress Audrey Tautou, star of hit film Amelie, will play the female lead in the film adaptation of The Da Vinci Code, it has been reported.
"It's what I want to do for the rest of my life."
Mercedes-Benz's woes - its profits slid to just 20m
It came in seventh $6.3 (£3.35m).
June Carter Cash previously said it upset her husband when Kilgore talked about the song without crediting her and believed he should not have been credited on it.
Excluding the car sector, US retail sales were up 0.6% in January, twice what some analysts had been expecting.
Yukos is claiming more than $20bn (£11bn) in damages after Yugansk was sold in December to settle back taxes.
Frank Capra's 1946 movie starring James Stewart, is being turned into a £7m musical by producer Jon Thoday.
Supporters' group Shareholders United - which has proved adept in rallying opposition to Mr Glazer's campaign - said it would fight any move. "
She was regarded by many as a pioneering woman in film, taking on jobs in the 70s that were more commonly taken by men.
Last week's number one album Tourist, by Athlete, fell to number three.
Stock market traders were sceptical that the latest reports heralded a deal.
"Our nation is in peril here," said Ahmed Shaheed, the chief government spokesman.
Her last appearance on stage was as Mrs Pearce in the award-winning production of My Fair Lady at the National Theatre.
"All of your colleagues, everyone in the film industry is in the theatre.
Based on a play by Tyler Perry, who also stars as a gun-toting grandmother, the film took $22.7m (£11.8m) in its first three days of release.
Disappointing business figures from Chicago triggered the US currency's weakness on Thursday.
The teenager also has Grammy nominations in the US, normally dominated by home-grown acts.
"You are a talent beyond compare.
However, the company said AOL's underlying profit before exceptional items rose 8% on the back of stronger internet advertising revenues.
The news comes as the head of Germany's panel of government economic advisers predicted growth would again stagnate.
"But we feel like we've turned a page.
The rest will know their fate in March.
Stallone joined the Channel 4 show on Monday as a surprise for Nielsen.
A levy on jet fuel has been suggested as a way to raise funds to finance aid for the world's poorest nations.
"We must monitor the quality of the product and ensure attendances do not decline, and we must balance that with the quantity of exposure on TV too.
In turn, that means more people will be classified as looking for work, driving official figures higher.
Since her 1988 debut feature Salaam Bombay! - nominated for the Best Foreign Language Oscar and winner of Best First Feature at Cannes - Nair has become one of India's most famous and respected directors.
One-time increases in alcohol and tobacco prices, which "are no indication of broad PPI pressure", were responsible for the increase, he said.
At home, EastEnders has been facing its own ratings battle, recently losing out to rival ITV soap Emmer dale.
U2 are nominated twice for their recent single Vertigo, including a nomination for best rock song.
An anti-Musharraf campaign threatened by the MMA, a countrywide alliance of religious parties, has fizzled out.
Mr Lakhani feels that the market has risen on the basis of solid economic growth and its current level rests on sound foundations.
But that was not enough for Mr Sarkozy.
"There is not a single positive Muslim character in the storyline to date.
It is looking for paycuts totalling $800m.
The bottom line is it is a celebration of British films."
manufactured 'pop' was on the way out - where on earth did this dreadful list appear from?
"No-one's doing it at the minute.
National Treasure made $17.1m (£8.8m) in ticket sales from Friday to Sunday, according to studio estimates, taking its total to $110.2m (£56.7m).
Optimism is at its highest since 1997 and business will reap the benefits of a continuing rise in public spending, say researchers at BDO Stoy Hayward.
I remember going to see dates in Milan and Turin
"We hope we can resume the repayments at least from 2007," Mr Bakrie said.
We had completely sold out by 4pm."
More than five million radio listeners voted in the awards.
They considered that they undermined workers' rights.
Emma Watson is ever better as Hermione, and the young stars are joined by the usual myriad famous actors including Gary Oldman and Emma Thompson.
Buhecha was previously a legitimate distributor of Bollywood films, but was suspended and sued by his employers for dealing in illegal copies of Bollywood classic Mohabbatein.
A Series of Unfortunate Events, starring Jim Carrey, took $30.2m (£15.5m) in its debut weekend.
You guys made our dream come true."
The bank had been accused of illegally concealing Gen Pinochet's assets.
Three creditors have yet to agree to the deal struck last week.
The Boix-Vives family is thought to have spent the past couple of years sounding out possible suitors for Rossignol, which also makes golf equipment, snowboards and sports clothing.
The WTO said there was no consenus among its members to retain the quotas and emphasised that funding was available to countries such as Bangladesh to help them adjust to the liberalised market.
and I just thank God that I'm still here," he later said.
Separately, the world's largest package delivery company, UPS, said it had placed an order for 10 Airbus A380 superjumbo freight-carrying jets, with an option to buy 10 more of the triple-decker aircraft.
The South African group will release its results for the year to 31 March on 30 May.
Other countries also are reported to have pledged cash, while the US State Department said it was examining what aid was needed in the region.
He presided over a net fall in jobs up to last November's Presidential election - the first President to do so since Herbert Hoover.
It makes lawn and garden products in Newton Aycliffe, and cookers and ovens in Spennymoor.
Freezing temperatures and heavy snowfalls took crude oil prices past $50 a barrel on Tuesday for the first time since November.
Musician Alan Wass, 23, also of north London, appeared in court accused of the same offences.
The 13 February ceremony will also include a rendition of The Beatles' Across The Universe by Bono, Stevie Wonder, Norah Jones and Brian Wilson.
New loans in December rose to 83,000, slightly higher than November's nine-year low of 77,000.
The British pound had added 0.5% to break through the $1.90 level, while the dollar had fallen by 1.3% against the Japanese yen to trade at 104.16 yen.
Shares in UK banking group Barclays have risen on Monday following a weekend press report that it had held merger talks with US bank Wells Fargo.
McEwan and Margaret Atwood are the only nominees to have previously won the main Booker Prize.
He didn't suffer fools gladly.
This measure is designed to discourage foreign investors from buying and selling land speculatively, without developing it.
The Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday that Qwest has bid $6.3bn (£3.4bn) for MCI.
It was his second alleged violation, having previously served half of a nine-year sentence for breaking the terms of his parole.
Agent Simon Beresford said: "She was just an absolutely favourite client
There's something wrong with him.
He said the number of visitors through the doors had boosted figures to pre-11 September 2001 levels.
Ten years of "golden" economic performance may come to an end in 2005 with growth slowing markedly, City consultancy Deloitte has warned.
"This is a profoundly tragic event for the region and for the millions who are suffering.
Ray star Jamie Foxx is clear favourite in the best actor category while Million Dollar Baby's Hilary Swank is tipped to win the best actress prize.
During his second day of questioning in the New York trial Mr Ebbers played down his working relationship with Mr Sullivan and denied he frequently met him to discuss company business when questioned by the prosecution.
They emerged from limos at Leicester Square to an uncertain British climate that threatened rain one moment and promised late winter sunshine the next.
Mr Bell leaves a wife and daughter.
"It seems persuasive that, given the size of the US current account deficit, a diminished appetite for adding to dollar balances must occur at some point," he said.
The PPI added that once the state system was reformed the government should look at options to overhaul private and workplace pensions.
An investigation commissioned by Shell found that Ms Boynton had to share responsibility for the company's behaviour.
Mr Schroeder said in a newspaper article that stability in foreign exchange markets required a correction of global economic imbalances.
Its brands, well-known in Italy and overseas, have continued to perform strongly, however, and have barely lost revenue since the scandal broke.
Director Ryuhei Kitamura said it may not be Godzilla's final outing, as it has been billed.
The DVD also includes the first performance of Smells Like Teen Spirit, the track that launched Nirvana on to the international stage in 1991.
Almost 23,000 people in 22 countries were questioned for the poll, which was mostly conducted before the Asian tsunami disaster.
The bank gave no details of how the records disappeared, but said they had probably not been misused.
The cast and crew are to work on two sequels back-to-back, with the first to be released in 2006.
Yukos called the sale illegal and has turned to courts in the US in an effort to regain control of the oil production business.
Faltskog has been a virtual recluse since the band split up in 1982.
The results came after a strong first quarter of the year for the firm based in Beaverton, Oregon.
, I am so glad I'm out.
By doing so, he said, the firm had intended to reinforce its US presence - and thus its chances of getting its case heard in US courts.
The sequel follows the master criminals as they try to pull off three major heists across Europe.
Mr Marchionne, who only joined the company last year, said Fiat Auto was now the "principal focus" of his attention.
Executives are suspected of wrongly using 417m yuan ($50.4m; £26m) of company funds to support a management buyout back in July 2003.
But its auto unit made a loss.
TCI and Atticus have opposed the LSE bid for some time saying it would destroy shareholder value, and would be better spent on a share buyback.
Those tips were then counted and compiled to make the top 10.
The Beginning, dropped by producers over claims
The government keeps it pegged close to a rate of 8.28 to the US dollar, - much to the chagrin of many US lawmakers who blame China for lost jobs and competitiveness.
That is 9.1% higher than such orders reported for the same period last year.
Costs are projected to be vast during the early years of Turkey's membership, with subsidies alone estimated to exceed 16.5bn euros and, according to some predictions, balloon to 33.5bn euros.
The Stone saw Douglas's female co-star Kathleen Turner win a Golden Globe award for her performance in 1985.
There are accounts designed to start children off in the savings habit and they often pay a higher rate of interest.
Who's Your Daddy, where a young woman tries to pick her natural father for a cash prize caused outrage from adoption groups and rated badly.
The uncertainty unleashed by the scandal has prompted three credit rating agencies - Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch - to downgrade Marsh in recent weeks.
This year's Oscar ceremony will be held on Sunday 27 February.
Sir Elton John has performed at a special concert in Paris to raise money for the victims of the Asian tsunami.
Snow Patrol were the big winners in Ireland's top music honours, the Meteor Awards, picking up accolades for best Irish band and album on Thursday.
Modest wine country comedy Sideways knocked out favourites Million Dollar Baby and The Aviator by taking the top prize for best cast performance.
The film even has a song composed in English by AR Rahman, the director of the popular West End
However, Euronext said it could not guarantee "at this stage" that a firm offer would be made for LSE.
It cut its full year passenger number forecast by "approximately 2.5%".
Maroon 5's album Songs About Jane has moved up to number seven despite being released 47 weeks ago.
In both cases, it said there had been secret deals to engage in market timing in mutual fund shares.
I'm so thrilled and so grateful
Cuaron's other films include Mexican movie Y Tu Mama Tambien.
The figure means the annual rate of increase in the UK is down to 10.2%, the lowest rate since June 2001.
"I do not know if it will be worth it for them to spend that kind of money just for Japan."
Last year, almost one in six cars sold by the BMW group was a Mini.
His previous production credits included Olympic opening and closing ceremonies.
it supposedly held in an offshore account did not in fact exist.
They also credit him with promoting inter-ethnic accord and pushing through harsh reforms.
Jet Airways is India's premier private domestic carrier; Air Sahara is ranked third in the category.
Shares in ACC fell 5.5% as investors, who thought the offer was underpriced, decided to sell.
Unions for Deutsche Boerse staff in Frankfurt has reportedly expressed fears that up to 300 jobs would be moved to London if the takeover is successful.
However, average monthly wages fell 1.8% in December to 895.4 reais ($332; £179.3) from November.
"What's really exciting, for me, is that this is what I really love doing," he added.
The label believed the school name was fictitious until they received the complaint.
Disney also failed to disclose payments to Air Shamrock, an airline owned by Mr Gold and fellow former Disney directors Roy Disney.
But he added: "They need to look at how many people are privy to the sensitive information."
His comments follow the sale of much of oil giant Yukos to cover back taxes - a deal which effectively took most of the firm's assets into public ownership.
It had warned in September that the weakening US dollar, which has cut the value of foreign sales, would knock 125m euros off its operating profits.
Million Dollar Baby has seven nominations while The Aviator has 11.
Actress Patsy Rowlands, known to millions for her roles in the Carry
Instead of taxpayers having to pick up the bill, the FER wants Congressmen to change the PBGC's funding rules.
Millennium Alcobev will now be merged with United, which expects post-merger to have about half of India's beer market.
Comeback is the first 30-minute comedy series that the channel has picked up since the Sex
Baikal Finance Group emerged as the auction winner, agreeing to pay 260.75bn roubles (£4.8bn; $9.4bn).
"The US wine market represents a growth opportunity for Diageo, with favourable demographic and consumption trends," said Diageo North America president Ivan Menezes.
Wal-Mart kicked off the battle with adverts in newspapers like the Wall Street Journal, using an open letter from company president Lee Scott saying it was time for the public to hear the "unfiltered truth".
A fall in consumer spending, which makes up about two-thirds of all US economic activity, could help limit the extent of any future interest rate rises.
In the North West and Yorkshire and the Humber, Halifax said prices rose by 3% and 1.2% in the two regions respectively during the month.
The Maldives has gross domestic product of $660m.
Ireland ticks all the boxes as far as international investors are concerned," Roy Asher, chief investment officer of Hibernian Investment Managers, told Reuters. "
Air China picked the London Stock Exchange for its secondary listing in its $1.07bn (£558m) stock market debut last month.
"The trouble now is that they are wide open to computers, Gameboys and everything else
Giampaolo Vianello, superintendent of the Fenice Theatre Foundation, said: "I am filled with extreme sadness because, other than a great artist, he is missed as a friend - a main character in the latest joyous times, during the rebirth of our theatre."
Any prizes will be sent to the parent or child's guardian.
"But it's premature for people to say that the singles chart is dead," Ross adds.
But he is not on the list of producers who can win a best film Oscar due to a limit on the number of nominees.
A full reckoning of the economic cost to Sri Lanka of the tsunami will not be clear for some time to come.
It said scripts have been commissioned for a series about a community of working class people in of Chicago.
Snow Patrol will support U2 on their European tour later this year - but U2 were not nominated for best Irish band and album.
The long-running presenter said: "I would like to take this opportunity to thank the CD:
Frank Capra's 1946 movie starring James Stewart, is being turned into a £7m musical by producer Jon Thoday.
The mayor is going to go down as the mayor who destroyed Jimi Hendrix's house," said Ray Rae Marshall of the James Marshall Hendrix Foundation.
" The singer did not want to talk in detail about his actions but when asked whether he would do the same again replied: "Is the Pope a Catholic?"
Last year, the South Bank Award for best TV drama went to Steven Poliakoff's period piece
Sideways is tipped to do well at Sunday's Oscars, with five nominations.
The building had been declared a historic landmark by the city of Los Angeles just before Charles' death in June 2004 at the age of 73.
The Three Rooms of Melancholia looks at the war in Chechnya and Shake Hands With The Devil: The Journey of Romeo Dallaire tells the story of a UN mission to Rwanda during the 1994 genocide.
Despite starring in five films in 2004, Depardieu made 3.35m Euros (£2.31m) putting him third place in the chart. "
Several of Ireland's biggest companies saw their market value hit recent highs on Thursday.
The government is trying to encourage saving at an early age, through its new Child Trust Fund.
The SEC found similar problems.
The level of contributions paid by employers has increased gradually since the late 1990s.
The plan is likely to give creditors of Parmalat Finanziaria shares worth about 5.7% of the debts they are owed.
May. The BDO optimism index - a leading indicator of GDP growth
In the year to March 2004, the Indian economy grew by 8.5%.
Redford wanted Sundance to be a platform for independent film-makers, but the commercial success of many showcased films have led to criticism that the festival is becoming too mainstream.
Net income jumped to 3bn yuan in 2004 ($365m; £190m), compared with 1.4bn yuan in 2003.
The IMF values its gold reserves at between $40 and $50 an ounce, a price that was fixed in the 1970s and is about a tenth of the metal's current market value.
LG Card had been threatened with collapse because of its huge debts but the firm's creditors and its former parent have stepped in to rescue it.
The FER blames this on a 2004 law, in a statement signed by several members, who include Nobel economics laureate William Sharpe.
The Pentagon revealed earlier this week that it would examine eight other contracts worth $3bn which it believes may have been tainted by Ms Druyun's role in the procurement process.
The panel also revealed which nominees they would personally prefer to win.
Shares in Borussia Dortmund, Germany's only stock-market listed football club, dropped by almost 23% to 2.05 euros during early afternoon trading.
All EU-based airlines and operators of flights which take off from the EU will have to adhere to the new compensation regime which came into force on Thursday.
"It's all about new ideas and creativity."
The serpent's going to rise from the sea and scare all the pirates away!"
This was helped by the positive impact of "compact" newspaper editions in Ireland and the UK, it said.
Buenos Aries, where mothers go to talk about the dead and the missing, and to exchange news.
Throughout 2004, the number of people in work increased by 296,000 to 28.52 million - the highest figure since records began in 1971.
The singer's 2004 tour took $90.3m (£48.5m) in ticket sales and he sold 1.9 million copies of his latest album Musicology.
Euronext chief Jean-Francois Theodore is scheduled to meet his LSE counterpart Clara Furse on Friday.
The Bank's latest inflation report, released last week, had noted that the main reason inflation might fall was weaker consumer spending.
Kisna - the Warrior Poet opens in the UK on 21 January.
These claims could take up to two years to resolve. "
Magistrates imposed a range of bail conditions on Mr Doherty including a curfew between 2200 and 0700, except when he attends a drug rehabilitation centre.
Customers at the world's biggest retailer are generally seen to be the most vulnerable to America's economic woes.
Gone are the warm, bright colours found in the two earlier films, Alfonso Cuaron brings in a bleak and cold feel that is simply gorgeous - and looks even better here than in the cinema.
Film - The Aviator; director - Martin Scorsese; actor - Jamie Foxx; actress - Imelda Staunton.
"Given the resilience of the Indian economy... it is possible to launch a direct assault on poverty," Mr Chidambaram said.
Fans will be able to download it for $0.99 (£0.53) from iTunes, or purchase the video from the CBS TV network's site.
Last week Grammy producers announced the show will be hosted by rap star and Chicago actress Queen Latifah.
Franz Ferdinand, who recently picked up five Brit Award nominations, ended up in 15th place, while the Eurythmics wound up at a lowly 38.
The company owns much of the property in central Beirut, which it restored and redeveloped following the end of Lebanon's bitter 15-year civil war.
Meanwhile, economists cautioned against reading too much into data from the Federal Reserve showing an unexpected $8.7bn drop in consumer debt in November.
Tysabri was approved for use in the US last November and was widely tipped to become the world's leading multiple sclerosis treatment.
Out of Here was named best factual entertainment moment.
The severance package means she keeps long-term share options, but fails to collect on a 2003 incentive plan since the firm has failed to meet the targets included in it.
REM played accoustic versions of their hits Losing My Religion
The airline could also win a sizeable windfall from a compensation claim against the government.
The messages will be "unwrapped" by sculptor Richard Wentworth, who is responsible for decorating the tree with broken plates and light bulbs.
February was another good month in the manufacturing sector," said ISM survey chairman Norbert Ore.
ONGC's interest is the latest twist in a saga that has seen one of the world's biggest oil producers brought to its knees.
GM's plans to build the American marque in Sweden is part of its efforts to push it as an alternative luxury brand for European drivers.
The legal fight centred on a studio recording of the unreleased track
Soderbergh returns to direct the hit sequel which reunites Clooney, Pitt and Roberts with Matt Damon, Andy Garcia and Elliott Gould.
The band recently released a new album, Astronaut, the first from the original line-up since 1983.
Australia's securities watchdog is currently investigating Hardie's former chief executive and former chief financial officer over allegations of misleading investors and the general public.
With-profits policies are designed to smooth out the peaks and troughs of stock market volatility.
They will also tour Japan and the US next year.
Music feels like it's in the afterlife right now.
The authorities have made themselves a wonderful Christmas present - Russia's most efficient oil company has been destroyed," the Interfax news agency quoted Mr Khodorkovsky as saying via his lawyers.
As for the future, Arnold firmly believes that you often get a stronger vision of the world with short films.
It's a nice, catchy, formulaic anthem that ticks all the boxes.
The former manager of Johnny Cash, Saul Israel Holiff, has died at the age of 79, his family said.
She was leaving "by mutual agreement to pursue other career opportunities", the firm said in a statement.
"It is my duty to collaborate fully with prosecutors to reconstruct the causes of Parmalat's sudden default and who is responsible."
the issue here is privacy," they added.
Work began on the box set in 1998, but legal battles put the project on hold.
Den died after being confronted by Zoe, Chrissie and Sam in the Queen Vic.
Air China's long-awaited flotation is part of a strategy to modernise a dozen state-owned carriers, which have been reorganised into three groups under Air China, China Southern and China Eastern.
Nielsen had panicked that if she reacted badly it could harm her access to her children, Greer said.
The Three Gorges Corporation has all along abided by the law and have built our projects in accordance with the law," it said.
Hollywood film star Liam Neeson has held a dinner party in New York to promote Belfast's Lyric Theatre.
Michael Moore's controversial documentary Fahrenheit 9/11 won the best documentary, while A Very Long Engagement won best foreign film.
LG Group has said any package should reflect the firm's new ownership, and it will not accept an unfair burden.
The rising cost of maintaining such schemes has led many employers to replace final salary schemes with money purchase, or defined contribution, schemes.
The magazine's music editor Mark Robertson said: "The idea behind the project was simple - to rediscover the very best of Scottish music, from the finest musical talent spanning from the age of 70s rock through to 80s pop, right up to today's international stars."
This year's bags will include a gift certificate for a luxury beach resort, a pair of mink eyelashes and a kitchen set with a year's supply of tea and coffee.
The resulting song, Through the Wire, became West's first UK hit in April 2004 and subsequent album
The New York court did not rule on Lee's claims to a share of profits from some Spider-Man and Hulk movie merchandise, which will be decided at a future trial, Marvel said.
Standard Chartered said KFB was a "well-managed, conservatively run bank with a highly skilled workforce" and represented a "significant acquisition in a growth market".
After topping the chart for two consecutive weeks, Smith's romantic comedy Hitch dropped to second place with takings of $21m (£10.9m).
The combined firm will operate about 1,000 stores across the US, with combined annual sales of $30bn.
That pushed the 10 month deficit to $500.5bn.
All in all a pretty pointless exercise !
"It haunted me to be honest, it haunted my sleep," she said.
The two countries also formalised a co-operation deal between Venezuelan energy firm PDVSA and Argentina's Enarsa.
The answer is most definitely no.
Thailand's economy is now expected to grow by 5.7% in 2005, rather than 6% as forecast before tsunamis hit six tourist provinces.
With-profits policies are designed to smooth out the peaks and troughs of stock market volatility.
Khan was involved in controversy when topless photos alleged to be of her appeared in a Norwegian magazine.
Pete Doherty's band Babyshamblers will appear on the NME/Radio One stage along with Kasabian, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club and Bloc Party.
Meanwhile, Will Smith comedy Hitch has become the top film at the global box office after taking an estimated $30.1m (£15.6m) over the weekend at cinemas outside North America, according to industry website Screen Daily.
Mr Glazer got permission to look at the club's accounts last week.
Mr Tanzi, 66, issued a statement through his lawyer after five hours of questioning by prosecutors in Parma on 15 January.
There is no good reason to fixate on it, anyway.
Record company Universal is responsible for the global distribution of the single, which will be available across Europe, Asia, South America and Canada.
The protein stops blood from clotting - which helps the bat to drink from its victims, but could also be used to help stroke sufferers.
The gain in non-farm payrolls was below market expectations of 190,000 new jobs.
The company is earning about $1.8m an hour.
Section 404 of the Sox Act, as the legislation is nicknamed, calls for all firms to certify that their financial reporting is in line with US rules.
Fox had unveiled a new strategy last year promising to launch new shows every season, including the traditionally quiet summer season.
The PBGC was founded in 1974 to protect workers' retirement rights.
Weekend tickets are now on sale priced at £125 each.
"Everybody says that Christmas number ones are formulaic, but Gonna Have a Number One
"I felt enormous pressure when I dined with him
Independent film-maker Morgan Spurlock may have forced fast-food giant McDonalds to withdraw its 'super size' portions in the US after he went on a month-long diet eating nothing but
Despite being disliked by many critics, Black Sabbath's subsequent albums included multi-million sellers but internal rows led to Osbourne leaving in 1979.
"To make a picture in 37 days, it takes a well oiled machine.
The Return (Vozvrashchenie) has been named winner of the BBC Four World Cinema Award.
(£293,000) fine levied against Viacom after the exposure of singer Janet Jackson's breast during the CBS Super Bowl halftime show in January.
Keanu Reeves, who presented the best actress award, said being on the red carpet was an "exciting" part of his job.
Last week, figures from the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML) indicated that the popularity of buy-to-let mortgages - a key phenomenon of the housing boom - could be waning.
NAAMSA said it expects sales to top 500,000 in 2005.
MPs have urged the BBC to give watchdogs more freedom to scrutinise how £2bn in licence fee money is spent.
On Friday, Ladbrokes suspended betting after singer Brian Harvey quit the show folllowing a blazing row with Janet Street-Porter.
December is traditionally a quiet month for the housing market because of Christmas celebrations.
The US looks set for a continued boost to interest rates in 2005, according to the Federal Reserve.
Despite the sheer curiosity value of the sale, there was a healthy trickle of interest from the public rather than the perhaps expected crowds.
However, it is unclear whether ministers would issue a declaration aimed at curbing the euro's rise at a monthly meeting of Eurozone ministers late on Monday.
Rosneft, meanwhile, has agreed to merge with Gazprom, bringing a large chunk of Russia's very profitable oil business back under state control.
"There are people who have money but are afraid to show it," the president told a government session. "
Growth in industrial output - the main target of government efforts to impose curbs on credit and investments - was 11.5% in 2004, down from 17% the previous year.
It said it was "dismayed" at the situation and wants Congress to overturn the legislation.
He is out on £50,000 bail and the judge agreed to extend his 2200 GMT curfew deadline by two hours so he could play the Brixton gig.
Leading actor Edward Fox is one of the men behind plans to reopen a Swansea theatre thought to be Wales' oldest.
We have hay, for one thing.
Singer Pete Doherty will have to spend the weekend in jail because he could not come up with £150,000 bond money for his bail on time.
('03 Bonnie & Clyde) and artists such as Ludacris
But Nair said that her film had picked up on the way Thackeray - who was born in India but moved to England as a young man - had seen the world.
The problem of piracy is not limited to China, however, and the potential for profit is huge.
"I agree that we do not need to cut supply if the prices are as much as this," Fathi Bin Shatwan, Libya's oil minister, told Reuters.
A spokesperson said: "During a useful meeting yesterday, Sky listened to the concerns raised by representatives of the council.
The swords and sandals blockbuster, rumoured to have cost more than $150m (£79m) to make, earned just $13.5 (£7m) over three days at the US box office.
But Democrats have accused the president of excluding Iraq-related costs from previous budgets to meet the aim of reducing the deficit, a charge which the administration denies.
Job creation was one of last year's main concerns for the US economy, and proved to be a main topic of debate in the US presidential election.
Mr Khodorkovsky handed over his entire 59.5% stake in holding company Group Menatep - which controls Yukos - to Leonid Nevzlin.
"People have different ideas as to why Ian committed suicide, so maybe the film will reflect those different views," he told the BBC News website.
US actor Ossie Davis has been found dead at the age of 87.
"It certainly affected Japanese travel into Australia.
Police said that he appeared to have died of natural causes.
- Best costume design -
NY logo printed in large at the bottom.
He looks forward to moving on with his life," he said.
The Sepa order comes as the Chinese government appears to be trying to cool the country's booming economy.
Remittance charges are estimated to have dropped by between 50 and 60%, reports from the US Treasury and the Inter-American Development Bank have said.
Standard Life is the latest shareholder in Deutsche Boerse to express concern at the German stock market operator's plans to buy the London Stock Exchange.
He objected to subsidies on agriculture that make it hard for developing nations like India to compete.
The European Union's newest members will bolster Europe's economic growth in 2005, according to a new report.
The research found very few women worked in the camera, sound, electrical and construction departments, but they made up a majority of those working in make-up and hairdressing.
They also limited the amount countries like China could export to the big markets of the United States and EU.
Does this analysis make sense?
Shares of Skis Rossignol, the world's largest ski-maker, have jumped as much as 15% on speculation that it will be bought by US surfwear firm Quiksilver.
This year rising oil prices and a significant slowdown in the housing market have awoken bad memories of the 1970s and 1980s," Ms Lomax said.
The couple now have four children together.
Turkmen President Saparmurat Niyazov, who signed the contract, said the Turkmen side agreed to lower the price demanded by $2 per 1,000 cubic metres, bringing it down to $58.
"Failure to comply with the SEC's disclosure rules in this area impedes shareholders' ability to evaluate the objectivity and independence of directors."
The figures were published as another survey by property website Rightmove said the average asking price of a home fell by more than £600 from £190,329 in November to £189,733 in December.
(Purveyors of Wonder) Entertainment, which is currently developing films and television programmes.
Music should become inclusive and if we are fighting for a multi-cultural Britain, then we should be fighting for inclusion rather than exclusion.
She was the driving force behind The Osbournes, which ran for three series, earning the family a reported $85m (£46m).
The Indian firm is also expected to hold talks on Tuesday about buying a stake in assets once owned by Yukos.
One is a Jamaican who joined British troops to fight Hitler but finds life difficult out of uniform when he settles in London.
Pam Ferris, Victoria Hamilton and Kelly Reilly are nominated for best actress.
Half of the money put aside by the Colombian government to help the country's poor is benefiting people who do not need it, a study has found.
Among sweeteners reported to have been discussed by Mr Seifert with Ms Furse were plans to move the management of its cash and Eurex derivatives market to London, as well as two members of its executive board.
Dr McFeeley added that the accuracy with which forensic investigators can determine time of death was far lower than most people's perceptions.
Its pre-tax earnings in the fourth quarter were 77m euros (£53m; $100m), up from 38m in the same period of 2003.
Santa Monica-based Activison is said to be one firm on its takeover list.
The overnight figures showed almost 60% of the viewing public tuned into EastEnders between 2000 and 2100 GMT, leaving ITV1 with about 13%.
and he did some acting when he was there," Norman added.
Brazil is recovering from last year's recession - its worst in a decade.
"To my embarrassment, I could not understand the file of complaints against me," he told a Moscow court.
Should the cycle end a year earlier, then the chances improve to "50/50".
"We are also dealing with a very difficult subject matter and it is amazing to have it accepted in this way.
US growth would reach 4.4% in 2004, but fall to 3.3% next year from a previous estimate of 3.7%, the OECD said.
Smaller manufacturers are facing an uphill struggle," said Hugh Morgan Williams, chair of the CBI's SME Council.
Mr Ebbers could face a sentence of 85 years if convicted of all the charges he is facing.
The coming switch is driven in part by the need for successful carmakers to stay aware of trans-Atlantic differences in the car market, Mr Panke insisted.
More than 1.8 million people watched the first episode of the latest series of Little Britain on BBC Three in October, giving the digital channel its highest rating ever.
The 77th annual Academy Awards are taking place on 27 February with the stars of the movie-making world once again holding their breath to discover who will be showered with the honours this year.
A previous approach to the United board by Mr Glazer in October last year was turned down.
"You guided us so brilliantly, while you also, in my humble opinion, gave the performance of your career," she said.
Meet The Fockers opens in the UK on Friday.
Their task is made much harder by the huge number of landmines dotted around the country.
It's the latest in a recent trend for Hollywood studios to back the upper and lower ends of the market, whilst ignoring the middle.
Another rise could be in store for December, some economists warned.
This is about the industry bestowing awards on what they think are the best films of the year."
The star was presented with the award by Martin Scorsese, who directed him in Oscar-nominated movie The Aviator.
A shareholder revolt threw out the old board in 2004.
" Leigh, who had previously received three Oscar nominations for Secrets and Lies and Topsy Turvy, told BBC News 24 the latest success was "amazing".
News of their album plans comes after confirmation the Bristol band will play a tsunami charity show next month.
The actors are mostly amateurs and the action is set in the impoverished suburbs of Paris, home to thousands of immigrants from North Africa and their children.
Last year, Britannia members shared £42m, but the average payment was only £38.
The instrumental parts were entirely lost except for two recycled movements, a duet and an aria which had been used elsewhere in Bach's work.
The effect of these transactions is to renationalise Yuganskneftegas.
Other contributors include Sting, Mariah Carey, Elton John, Noel Gallagher, Geri Halliwell and Simon Cowell.
John Woodward, chief executive of the UK Film Council, said it was "extremely heartening" to see British filmmaking talent recognised on the global stage.
"We chose the 7E7 after carefully considering both it and Airbus' aircraft," said a Japan Airlines spokesman.
The economy's poor performance in the July to September period followed four consecutive quarters of double-digit growth as Singapore bounced back strongly from the effects of the deadly Sars virus in 2003.
UK mortgage lending showed a "post-Christmas lull" in January, indicating a slowing housing market, lenders have said.
On 14 March, one of these creditors - property investment fund Molsiris which owns the club's stadium - holds its AGM at which it will discuss the rescue plan.
"The fact that other services components are doing so well suggests to me that we are back to trend (growth) and I am not particularly concerned about any further slowdown," said Ross Walker, UK economist at RBS Financial Markets.
France's Ubisoft, one of Europe's biggest video game publishers, has been trying to remain independent since Electronic Arts announced plans to buy 19.9% of the firm.
"She was of the old school - she had skills from musical theatre and high drama, that is why she worked with the great and the good of directors.
As part of a major restructuring, Fiat is to integrate the Maserati car company - currently owned by Ferrari - within its own operations.
Many also consider the film to portray a kitsch image of Austria, including yodelling, goat-herds and lederhosen.
Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie was dressed in a tight orange top and purple hotpants, but nothing in her performance was likely to upset TV watchdogs.
Size became involved after two friends, Donna Small and Asha Jama, were shot in his Bristol hometown in October.
The new rules will apply to all scheduled and charter flights, including budget airlines.
Yukos is confident of its right to US bankruptcy protection, and "we are prepared to be back in court defending that position again," he said.
The Caribs have long denied their ancestors practised cannibalism.
"It's not a risk, it's actually happening.
Standard Chartered expects about 16% of future group revenue to come from KFB.
Government accounts are in surplus, we have a current account surplus and inflation is under control."
Smith plays a New York "date doctor" with love worries of his own in the movie, which took $31.8m (£16.8m).
Nighty Night was named Britain's best new TV comedy over ITV1 shows Doc Martin and Life Begins.
Yukos submitted the suit in Houston, where it filed for bankruptcy.
Record company SonyBMG are releasing Elvis's 18 number one singles at the rate of one a week in Britain, complete with original artwork and a collector's box.
"At that time it was not successful, because of the advent of piracy - it was the Napster time, when P2P services became popular.
EC spokeswoman Marja Quillinan-Meiland conceded there were "grey areas" but said "these are not as big as the airlines are making out".
Germany's economy, the biggest among the 12 countries sharing the euro, grew at its fastest rate in four years during 2004, driven by strong exports.
A merger between MCI and Verizon would be the fifth billion-dollar telecoms deal since October.
The Sea Inside has been named best picture and star Javier Bardem
According to Labor Department figures, 157,000 new jobs were added last month.
According to his grandson he was suffering from heart disease.
while Heaven Help Us All with Gladys Knight picked up best gospel performance.
WorldCom emerged from bankruptcy protection in 2004, and is now known as MCI.
Hendrix, widely considered one of the best guitarists of his era, died of a drug overdose in 1970 at the age of 27.
In London, the FTSE 100 index closed 15 points higher at 4,751.
He is awaiting a second trial after an original conviction was thrown out.
AMF is investigating claims that the duo were aware of an interest in Vivendi's US assets from investor Marvin Davis, at the time of the bond sale.
The other contenders include Susan Fletcher for Eve Green, which won the first novel prize.
But the annual awards, which were presented in New York on Wednesday, were not without controversy.
The optimism in the financial markets contrast sharply with pessimism in the Japanese business community.
An ill-fated expansion drive in the late 1990s saw France Telecom's debt soar to 72bn euros by 2002.
Given the ongoing integration of UFJ and MTFG operations, persisting with our proposal may not be in the best interests of our shareholders or UFJ's."
I arranged for him to play four days of football indoors in Fulham.
Earlier this week, Fiat reached an agreement with GM to dissolve an alliance which could have obliged GM to buy the Italian firm outright.
The change would see pensions being calculated on length of residency in the UK rather than National Insurance (NI) contributions.
" Security will also be tight, with police employing a system to detect sarin nerve gas.
"Ossie was a thing of beauty."
Writer Tony Cowell is among the judges who will hear aspiring writers read their work aloud.
Consumer borrowing rose at a near-record pace in January.
He made a cameo appearance in 24 Hour Party People, in which his leading role was played by Steve Coogan.
However, Mr Kosslick refused to accept that widespread opposition to the Iraq war had turned audiences against Hollywood imports.
The investigation of Freddie Mac in June 2003 sparked concerns about the wider health of the industry and raised questionsmarks over the role of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight (OFHEO), the industry's main regulator.
Once made homeless after investing his own money in unsuccessful productions of his work, he now lives in the mansion in which Diary of a Mad Black Woman was filmed.
The Milton Shulman Award for outstanding newcomer will be presented to Dominic Cooper (His Dark Materials and The History Boys), Romola Garai (Calico), Eddie Redmayne (The Goat, or Who is Sylvia?)
The higher share prices also reflect relief that a clear winner has emerged from what proved to be a tight poll.
A slump in profitability at luxury car maker Mercedes has prompted a big drop in profits at parent DaimlerChrysler.
All expect The Aviator to win best film, but many think it will be a close race between Scorsese's Howard Hughes biopic and Eastwood's boxing drama Million Dollar Baby.
"With the completion of our restatements we have a solid foundation on which to move forward with our business," said Nortel president and chief executive Bill Owens.
The Aviator took four awards in all, also collecting best make-up and hair and production design, while Vera Drake also scooped best costume design.
Ms Cooper also said that during shareholder meetings Mr Ebbers often passed over technical questions to the company's finance chief, giving only "brief" answers himself.
The other is China Construction Bank.
It's not fantastically deep but you get quickly drawn into the tale of Spidey versus Doc Ock and more so into the fate of poor Peter Parker.
"This is a very crucial and delicate time and our efforts are targeted to securing new models for the company which will mean jobs for our people," he said.
The company saw a 3% rise in December sales, less than the 4.3% rise seen a year earlier.
Cinematographer John Mathieson, who was nominated for Gladiator in 2001, was also up for The Phantom of the Opera but lost to The Aviator.
The former Beatle resisted any temptation to refer to Janet Jackson's headline-grabbing performance last year, instead keeping banter between songs to a minimum in order to squeeze as much music as he could into his slot.
The British Phonographic Industry has identified a lack of independent music available for download.
Directed by Andrey Zvyagintsev, The Return previously won the 2003 Golden Lion award at the Venice Film Festival.
The United Nations' emergency relief coordinator, Jan Egeland, said that "this may be the worst national disaster in recent history because it is affecting so many heavily populated coastal areas...
In addition to the equity stake S&N is to invest 2.47bn rupees in United through non-convertible redeemable preference shares.
The re-release of hit song Jailhouse Rock was out-selling X Factor winner Steve Brockstein's cover of Against All Odds by 2,000 copies on Tuesday.
Last week's number one
"It's all a bit like a beauty contest - all the films are great and so different. "But even though my film has won 30 awards worldwide (including one at Sundance last month), I'd still be proud of it - even if it hadn't won any."
The thriller shot straight to the number one spot after taking $22m (£11.7m) at the box office.
Merle Kilgore, co-writer of the country hit Ring of Fire, has died of congestive heart failure aged 70.
"There is darkness and tragedy in the story, and it was a dream for me to land this part."
Details have also emerged of the contents of this year's gift bags, which are given to nominees and presenters on the night.
Keys, who will sing America the Beautiful, will be accompanied by 150 students from the Florida School for the Deaf and the Blind.
It also said there was evidence that manufacturers' confidence may be waning as the outlook for the world economy becomes more uncertain.
The main drag came from electronics," said Lian Chia Liang, economist at JP Morgan Chase.
The cards will include a photograph of the ticket-holder plus an electronic chip with their details to prevent tickets being sold on or forged.
Their self-titled album moved from 13 to number four.
However Nasdaq, an icon of the 1990s technology boom, recently poured cold water on those suggestions.
Friends and family, including actress Ruby Dee his wife of 56 years, gathered at the Riverside Church on Saturday.
An Andhra Pradesh official added that VW had already approved a factory site measuring 250 acres.
Within that figure, taxation would rise to $14.3bn, a rise of over 40% from what is expected from the current year.
Stock markets had factored in the likelihood of a rate rise but analysts still expressed concern about the strength of the economy.
Mr Berlusconi said the euro's strength was "absolutely worrying" for Italian exports.
A spokesman for the firm said that the tax would wipe 5% of the field's current value.
Changes to the pact are due to be agreed at an economic summit in March.
Investors had piled into Cairn after the company announced significant oil finds in India this year.
US comedian Ellen Degeneres and singer Christine Milian will present awards at the event.
The Onyx Hotel tour was cited as "a highly crafted production which included the well-known music and dancing of Spears, supported by elaborate costumes, complex choreography as well as cutting-edge video production, lighting and other effects".
Yukos had filed for bankruptcy protection in a US court in an attempt to prevent the forced sale of its main production arm.
The government has delayed the building of a number of power plants in an effort to rein in growth amid concerns that the economy may overheat.
India's Bombay Stock Exchange inched slightly above its previous record close on Wednesday.
"Spending plans have been set out until 2008 and they are fully affordable.
The story of Factory records - which also owned the legendary Hacienda club in Manchester - was told in the Michael Winterbottom film 24 Hour Party People, in which Wilson was played by Steve Coogan.
US aircraft firm Boeing has unveiled its new long-distance 777 plane, as it tries to regain its position as the industry's leading manufacturer.
As soon as 2018, the fund will begin to require some cash returns on its bond holdings in order to finance all promised benefits.
Sizzla's five-date UK tour was cancelled last November after protests by gay rights campaigners.
It added that any plan to levy taxes on jet fuel "should not hinder the competitiveness of the airlines and that they themselves will not be solely funding development".
Manchester United past and present footballers Eric Cantona and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, and
Seasonally adjusted sales rose 1.2% in the month, compared to 0.1% a month earlier, boosted by a surge in shopping just before and after Christmas.
Another three US insurance executives have pleaded guilty to fraud charges stemming from an ongoing investigation into industry malpractice.
The airline said that when all these planes have been delivered, it will be able to carry more than 70 million passengers a year, making it Europe's largest airline.
The Chorus, a film about a schoolteacher who introduces an unruly classroom to the pleasures of classical singing, won two awards - for best music and best sound.
But clothing and footwear sales were said to be generally better than December, while department stores also had a good month.
The firm, Paion, said that it hoped to sell 5 million shares - a third of the firm - for 11-14 euros a share.
After many changes in line-up, the original four members reunited to play live dates in 1997.
"This is highly unlikely to have been an inspired guess," William Hill spokesman Rupert Adams said.
However, the figures are viewed as the most accurate measure of house prices as they include all property transactions, including cash sales.
Actress Sandra Dee continues to live in Los Angeles as a virtual recluse, but has given her approval to the biopic.
Despite enjoying Dan Brown's conspiracy theory, the Bishop said there was a lack of evidence to back up its claims.
According to Standard & Poor's, which has recently upgraded Mexico's sovereign debt rating, the rise in remittances helps protect the Mexican economy against a potential fall in the international oil prices.
But a spokesman refused to comment on speculation that Mitsubishi could end up building cars for PSA and perhaps its Japanese rival Nissan.
The SEC has set itself the task of stamping out the mutual funds' use of market-timing, a form of quick-fire, short-term share trading that harms the interests of small investors, with whom mutual funds are particularly popular.
Despite insisting he wants to agree a recommended deal with the LSE's board, the newspaper suggested he may pull out of the process and put an offer directly to shareholders instead.
Dominic Howard said of winning: "We love playing live, it's very important for our band.
For the whole of 2004, GM earned $3.7bn, down from $3.8bn in 2003, while its annual revenue rose 4.5% to $193bn.
"We think that the new slot will create a buzz around the programme as for the first time viewers will discover the news of who is number one as it happens."
Carlsberg, the world's fifth-largest brewer, saw annual pre-tax profits fall to 3.4bn Danish kroner (456m euros).
since our announcement in July last year.
GM said it expects to meet its 2004 earnings targets "despite a tough competitive environment".
The INSEE also said that French consumer prices fell 0.6% in January, but were up 1.6% on an annual basis.
In addition, if a flight is cancelled or delayed for more than two hours through the fault of the airline, all passengers must be paid compensation.
They hope the song will raise more than £2m for the relief fund.
Also capitalising on Brits success were the Scissor Sisters whose eponymous album moved three places to number two.
The amount of unsold properties on their books rose for the sixth month in a row to an average of 67 properties.
Standard Chartered said acquiring Korea First Bank (KFB) fulfilled a strategic objective of building a bigger presence in Asia's third largest economy.
Corbett claims he and Barker differ from today's celebrities in that they did not allow their success to go to their heads.
The remaining members of rock band Queen are to go on tour next year with former Free and Bad Company singer Paul Rodgers taking Freddie Mercury's place.
The sale, at Guernsey's Auction House in New York, will feature instruments from other musicians including John Coltrane and Benny Goodman.
"Over the Christmas period we're expecting people to spend in excess of £200m at the centre."
And he said the GDP figures may help to "push interest rate expectations a little higher along the curve".
Kraft rival PepsiCo began a similar labelling initiative last year.
(Dumb Show) and Stanley Townsend (Shining City).
The song was written by Lionel Richie and Michael Jackson, with Quincy Jones as producer.
"Without this deal May would have been, to put it bluntly, washed up," said Kurt Barnard, president of Barnard's Retail Consulting Group.
Wilson believes Raw T could be "to F4 as Joy Division were to Factory records".
DaimlerChrysler took a 475m euro hit in costs stemming from a defects scandal at its joint venture, Japanese subsidiary Fuso.
50 Cent also appears on rap protege
Countries which exceed the threshold are liable to heavy fines by the European Commission, although several countries, including Germany, have breached the rules consistently since 2002 without facing punishment.
Huw Stephens, Ras Kwame and Rob Da Bank will each host the mid-week, late-night timeslot, showcasing UK talent.
Morrison, who is now as well known for his brushes with the law than his music career, rose to fame with the 1996 single Return of the Mack.
But his options are limited by a new law which makes him cut the budget deficit, which he said would be 4.5% of GDP in the year to March 2005.
Joss Stone is simply singing a certain type of music that can be considered urban in style, just as someone from an inner city, and indeed not from the USA could sing country music.
The exhibition of Reynolds' work will be shown at Tate Britain from
Yukos' US lawyers will attempt to have Baikal assets frozen after the Russian government ignored a US court order last week blocking the sale.
"When I was 15 years old I asked my mom if it was OK to be an actor," Reeves said.
Defence spending will rise, however, while the proposals exclude the cost of continuing military operations in Iraq.
Analysts have said that oil companies like ChevronTexaco, Exxon Mobil and British Petroleum would be happy to find alternative routes to the Bosphorus and Dardanelles Straits.
Bill Conti's job of musical director of the Oscars show is not for the faint-hearted since conducting the orchestra is the ultimate plate-spinning assignment.
West's work gained mainstream recognition when he produced the singles Takeover and Izzo (HOVA) on Jay-Z's own 2001 album Blueprint.
The revival, directed by David Leveaux, will also star Jessica Lange as the domineering mother, Amanda Wingfield.
The market situation has divided developing nations in two groups, the FAO said.
"What could have been a didactic or preachy prospect turns out to hilarious, moving humane and eye-popping.
The elaborate nature of the pieces, many custom-made, had to be admired, particularly a huge red and gold upholstered "throne" and a stripy deckchair from the Queen Mary liner.
Analysts believe a compromise is likely. "
Pakistani investors are expecting the KSE to repeat, if not improve on, its 2002 performance.
On top of that, the unemployment rate has been stuck at close to 10% and manufacturing firms, including DaimlerChrysler, Siemens and Volkswagen, have been negotiating with unions over cost cutting measures.
The spurt put China's trade surplus - a sore point with some of its trading partners - at a six-year high.
Spurlock was given his award on the same day
"I don't believe it would be a big election issue in Britain or a problem for Labour," Mr Balls said.
Germany's economy shrank 0.2% in the last three months of 2004, upsetting hopes of a sustained recovery.
Captain Archer and the crew of the NX-01 need your help to continue their journeys!
" The previous BRC survey found Christmas 2004 was the worst for 10 years for retailers.
Teenage soul singer Joss Stone is a new entry on a list of Britain's young music millionaires with £5m.
Both Green Day and The Foo Fighters last played at the festival in 2002, the same year Oasis and Basement Jaxx were among the headline acts.
If anyone deserves to win an award for urban music (I think probably should include Hip-Hop, Soul & Funk at least but not rock or pop)
Next came the song See It
Brown's book has become a publishing phenomenon, consistently topping book charts in the UK and US.
Five mailed thousands of fake dossiers including photos of murder victims and an e-mail suggesting the recipient was being stalked by a serial killer.
The band have three more efforts on the list, including fifth-placed Paranoid.
Fahrenheit 9/11 has also been overlooked, despite winning the Palme d'Or at the Cannes International Film Festival in 2004.
There will be no need for constitutional amendments to balance the budget.
Judge Rand Rubin said she must:
In particular, he said he had struggled to cope with tabloid intrusion during the temporary break-up of his marriage to Radio One presenter Zoe Ball, after she was linked with DJ Dan Peppe.
Festival director Sandra den Hamer said: "The festival reflects what happens around us and within cinema itself."
India, with a population of more than one billion, consumes about 1.2 billion bottles of beer every year.
A BBC co-production, The Life and Death of Peter Sellers was also named best TV movie.
The festival is being opened by a screening of quirky comedy Happy Endings, starring former Friends actress Lisa Kudrow and Maggie Gyllenhaal, on Thursday.
Analysts say that US antitrust regulators could force the firms to shed some overlapping stent operations.
Prosecuting attorney Carol Lam said: "All US companies should take note that attempting to bribe foreign officials is criminal conduct and will be appropriately prosecuted."
Some of the projects may be allowed to start work again with the proper permits, but others would be cancelled, he said.
Motorhead, Judas Priest and Prodigy are included along with newer acts like The Darkness and Lostprophets.
Get Me Out Of Here!, ITV1)
The Act also applies to firms with more than 300 US shareholders, a situation many firms without US listings could find themselves in.
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index may be benefiting in part from the potential for its listed property companies to gain from rebuilding contracts in the tsunami-affected regions of South East Asia.
A senior source at the club told the BBC: "This time it's different".
This give it a total of three awards while Million Dollar Baby, Sideways and Closer took two Golden Globes each.
"Belfast was not a pretty town to be living in. "There was serious trouble, as you know, but this theatre was like a Belisha beacon of light and hope six nights a week, doing everything from Shakespeare to Yeats to O'Casey with a group of actors and actresses that affected me very deeply and still do."
"There are lots of 'urban legends' going around these days about Wal-Mart, but facts are facts.
Eurotunnel is still struggling with debts of more than 6bn euros.
This compares with 59 litres in France, 12 litres in the US and three litres in Japan.
The Killers, Razorlight and Queens of the Stone Age are also playing the twin festivals, to be held on 26-28 August.
Cates said the covers would be removed if the threat of wet weather receded.
Media giant Viacom has paid out $3.5m (£1.8m) to end investigations into indecency in its US radio and TV shows.
I'm rapidly redifining 'best' in my own head now to mean 'most gratuitously played at weddings and funerals because people think it has deep meaning'.
She said reports of a slump in pre-Christmas sales were related to the growing popularity of internet sales.
The three DJs were chosen for their "in-depth musical knowledge across a variety of musical genres", the station said.
But Nair said that, though this had created the need for some filming tricks, it had in fact also helped the film.
However, Ford is working hard to revitalise its product portfolio, unveiling the Fusion and Zephyr models at the International Motor Show in Detroit.
The new plant will be built close to the existing one in Chennai, in the southern province of Tamil Nadu.
"We used to see street hustlers do this kind of thing," Andrei Illarionov - then economic adviser to President Vladimir Putin - told a press conference. "
The other five Brits winners were already established before Sound of 2004 was compiled.
Viewers will choose 14 past songs to be performed by the original artists or others in the spirit of the originals.
"We are checking if there is action to be taken and in which courts it could be taken."
Fergus Crane includes text by Stewart and illustrations by Riddell, who also created The Edge Chronicles together.
German investment bank Deutsche Bank has challenged the right of Yukos to claim bankruptcy protection in the US.
Unusually, the runners-up in categories were also named with Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby just missing out on the best film award.
Former Worldcom boss Bernie Ebbers is currently on trial, accused of overseeing an $11bn fraud.
Band Aid 20's remake of
"Do we have an ability to influence what happens?
What about Keanu Reeves and Richard Gere in a remake of The Wooden Tops?
However, the company warned that headline earnings growth would be trimmed by about four percentage points because of share options for a black economic empowerment transaction and a staff share incentive scheme.
Parmalat was placed into bankruptcy protection in 2003 after a 14bn euro black hole was found in its accounts.
Ms Bennett said the new roles would benefit those making programmes within the BBC as well as those making shows for the channel independently.
Between 10 and 12 of the 80-odd resorts have been severely damaged, and a similar number have suffered significant damage.
But despite being one of the most successful musicals of all time, it is barely known inside Austria.
The airline said the decision was a commercial one due to reduced passenger demand for the services.
It is also paying $500,000 to the SEC to settle the bribe charge and other related violations.
The company says that it will then be possible to identify specific distributors in Africa who have re-sold humanitarian drugs for profit, as well as those suppliers in Europe that have also been involved in the trade.
But on Wednesday Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko said the government was planning to renationalise 3,000 firms.
Chief executive Peter McGuigan said the firm plans to grow sales both in the UK and internationally.
Yukos has said the sale amounts to expropriation - punishment for the political ambitions of its founder, Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
In the UK sales of song downloads overtook those for physical singles for the first time at the end of last year.
If you get them anywhere else, you won't get in.
As usual, the public have short memories when it comes to voting for "the greatest".
Oil prices retreated from four-month highs in early trading on Tuesday after producers' cartel Opec said it was now unlikely to cut production.
According to Exhibitor Relations President Paul Dergarabedian, the average cost of a cinema ticket could be as high as $6.25 in 2004, compared to $5.80 in 2002.
Mitsubishi's sales have slid 41% in the past year, catalysed by the revelation that the company had systematically been hiding records of faults and then secretly repairing vehicles.
Anti-globalisation campaigners have called off a demonstration planned for the weekend.
The Aviator - which won five Oscars, all in minor categories - held on in ninth place.
The CBO also forecast a total shortfall of $855bn for the years from 2006 to 2015, an improvement on previous projections.
The Sea Inside was named best foreign language film.
The festival opens with the French film
Through the practice, Marsh was allowed to determine which insurers won business from clients, and so control the insurance market, Mr Spitzer's office added.
The Golden Kinnarees will be awarded on Friday.
"We have decided that the BMW brand will enter the segment," he said.
The vehicle industry accounts for about 13% of South Africa's total exports.
Under stock market rules, Mr Murray is required to make an offer for the remaining shares that he does not already own at the same price paid for the BSkyB holding of 31p a share.
"It's very ambitious," said John Palmer, political director at the European Policy Centre, a Brussels-based think-tank.
Malaysia changed the law to allow Islamic banking in 1983.
The dollar's latest slide began after a South Korean parliamentary report suggested the country, which has about $200bn in foreign reserves, had plans to boost holdings of currencies such as the Australian and Canadian dollar.
Beijing also has been threatened with sanctions if it fails to clamp down.
And playwrights David Eldridge, Rebecca Lenkiewicz and Owen McCafferty will fight it out for The Charles Wintour Award and a £30,000 bursary.
A quarter of a million Sri Lankans and 23,500 people in the Maldives are also facing poverty.
Superstar was followed by Thank You, winner of best single at the 2004 Mobos, which reached number two in the UK charts.
BBC viewers will of course be able to watch quality coverage of the 2005 Academy Awards on the BBC's bulletins and news programmes," a spokesman said.
Reliance shares added 1.7%, while Reliance Energy, headed by Anil, jumped 7%.
"I can't sleep thinking about what these wicked people might try to do to him," she said.
The company reported strong revenue growth across all its major markets.
Strong growth in subscriptions to mobile phone network Orange has helped boost profits at owner France Telecom.
The consumers' association Which operates with slightly different numbers, yet it confirms that the Mini Cooper 1.6 depreciates slower than any other car, other than the Mercedes Benz C180 SE and the BMW 1 Series 116i SE.
Problems are occurring because increased responsibility is not going hand-in-hand with more training, the survey found.
French finance minister Herve Gaymard is on record as saying that he "deplored" the infighting at the company.
Umbro supplies more than 150 teams across the world including the national sides of Ireland, Sweden and Norway.
The world's biggest insurance broker Marsh & McLennan said last week it would pay $850m to settle charges, raised by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer in October, that it sought to rig bids in conjunction with insurers.
Why We Fight is due to be screened on BBC Four in March.
Its a stupid phrase, and particularly British.
Mr Ebber's lawyers have said he was unaware of the fraud, arguing that auditors did not alert him to any problems.
BMW said that it was too early to say how many cars were affected or how much the recall would cost.
Any rate rise ahead of an expected May election would not affect the Labour Party's chances of winning, he added.
"The Argentine state responded by taking most of their investments.
Political thriller Hotel Rwanda was given a rousing reception by spectators at the Berlin Film Festival on Saturday.
The firm's creditors - which own 99% of LG Card - have been trying to agree a deal to secure its future for several weeks.
The ODPM attributed the monthly fall of prices in November to a drop in the value of detached houses and flats.
Unadjusted, the figures showed unemployment rose 206,900 to 4.64 million - with many sectors such as construction laying off workers amid bad weather.
Paris-based LVMH has been selling non-core businesses and focusing on its most profitable labels including Moet & Chandon champagne and Louis Vuitton.
However, poor ticket sales have less to do with any fallout from the disaster and more to do with administrative and promotional difficulties.
The prequel project was originally announced in 2001, with actor Liam Neeson in the lead role and John Frankenheimer as director.
A US television network will screen a celebrity TV special to benefit the tsunami relief effort in South Asia.
It's a mediocre, sentimental and safe song.
It has also demanded that shareholders be consulted about the proposed acquisition, and whether the operator of the Frankfurt stock exchange should return $500m (£266m) to shareholders instead.
It is to deploy a fleet of 35,000 test cars across 40 countries, inviting potential buyers to try out a vehicle for 24-hours.
The Apprentice, which has already completed its first season, is still managing to pull in 16 million viewers, while its prime-time ranking is number four.
a year over a decade, using G7 backing so the money could be borrowed up front on financial markets.
Half the population are living below the poverty line with many surviving on income of less than $4, or three euros, a day.
Yuganskneftegaz pumps around 1 million barrels of oil a day.
Novartis said that it would merge a number of departments, adding that there may be job cuts.
They are also about ensuring Europe can continue to compete as an equal with the growing economic giants of Asia, India and China, as well as with the economic might of the United States.
However, the LSE did agree to leave the door open for talks to find out whether a "significantly-improved proposal" would be in the interests of LSE's shareholders and customers.
If that's the case then Mr Glazer might well secure their support - if he does, this bid could well go ahead."
However, Mr Jeffrey said he believed the slowdown in economic activity was temporary
The group is the first of Britain's five big banks to report 2004 results.
forecasts said there would be a $348bn shortfall in the 2005 fiscal year.
In fact, the markets are being perfectly rational.
Spending on credit and debit cards has overtaken cash spending in the UK for the first time.
"We believe the auction was illegal and we intend to pursue all legal recourses available to us," Yukos spokesman Mike Lake told Agence France Press.
The Oscars organisers have picked two of The Aviator's four producers to be nominated for best film.
However crude prices have rebounded in Asia, rising to $42.30 a barrel for February delivery.
As the books progress the struggle turns into a battle to overthrow the Authority, a figure who is God-like in the books.
Changyu said in a statement to the Shenzhen stock exchange that Illva will pay 481.42m yuan ($58.16m; £30.7m), once the government approves the deal.
Eminem told the crowd: "D12 finally won an award, thank you very much."
The budget proposals laid out by the administration of US President George W Bush are highly controversial.
It topped the charts in the US and UK, raising millions of dollars for African famine relief.
The prize was presented at an awards ceremony held in London on Thursday and hosted by Jonathan Ross.
The Sundance Film Festival, the movie industry's top destination for uncovering the next independent hits and new talent, opens on Thursday.
Last year, twelve managers from Mitsubishi Motors were charged with covering up safety defects in their vehicles and three executives from Japan's troubled UFJ bank were charged with concealing the extent of the bank's bad loans.
Separate figures from the Building Societies Association showed the value of mortgage approvals --
Ross says the pair have done their best to ignore the weight of expectation placed upon the revamped show.
Such high initial expenses would be coupled with risks that the benefits flagged up by Turkey's government would never be delivered, say those who feel the Turkish project should be shunned.
The Aviator has scored a best director nomination for Martin Scorsese, who has never won an Oscar, while stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Cate Blanchett are both nominated for acting Oscars.
Among the overlooked films were Hobson's Choice, Dirty Harry, The 39 Steps, The Searchers and King Kong.
On Tuesday, WMC chairman Tommie Bergman said in a statement the directors believed it was in shareholders' best interest to reject the offer.
He apologised for not being in London, joking: "
The pair have worked together for a decade - meeting on Viking Radio in Hull before moving to Manchester station Key 103 and winning two Sony Radio awards.
Gervais has already begun writing the script but is keeping its subject matter a closely guarded secret.
Proceeds from Thursday's show will go to charities including Absolute Return for Kids (Ark), international relief agency Operation USA and drama school Lamda.
It is vital that the creatives of the future know how to turn their ideas into value.
The Manics' seventh studio album, Lifeblood, features a song dedicated to Edwards called Cardiff Afterlife.
He-Man and Transformers, which were cartoon favourites in the 1980s, will soon receive their own costly makeovers.
A US rapper awaiting trial for murder has filmed part of a music video in jail, angering a sheriff who says he was tricked into letting TV crews in.
- Jonathan Ross, Film 2005: Film - The Aviator; director - Martin Scorsese; actor - Jamie Foxx; actress - Hilary Swank.
Ozzy Osbourne said he had had enough of the work involved in making the series.
So I got in my car, a 1969 British racing green Volvo with holes in the floor and bricks holding up the seats.
Umbro, which recently lost sponsorship deals with Chelsea and Celtic, said on Thursday it had signed a new four-year agreement with Scottish club Rangers.
However, the move still had its critics, with the European People's Party (EPP) attacking the EC for backing down from punitive action.
Borrowing costs are tipped to rise by a quarter of a percentage point to 2.25% at a Fed meeting later on Tuesday.
Goodrem, Green Day and the Black Eyed Peas took home two awards each.
Their debut was a UK top 10 hit in 1970 and sold more than a million copies in the US.
Speaking on the BBC's Today programme on Tuesday, Lord Browne said the profits were not solely down to the high oil price alone.
Jackson has also committed to making a film version of Lovely Bones, based on the best-selling book by Alice Sebold.
The German giant said it was studying the possibility of opening an assembly plant in the country, but that it remained only a "potential" idea.
The original track was released in the US, and reached number 13 in the singles chart.
West, 26, began rapping as a teenager at his Chicago school, inspired by the beats and rhymes of 1980s pioneers Run DMC.
"For the first time in decades, we have all three economic policy pillars in line during a recovery," Finance Minister Antonio Palocci told the Associated Press news agency. "
The BBC launched Freeview in 2002 as an alternative to satellite subscription services such as Sky, to allow its digital channels such as BBC Three and News 24 to be seen.
In total, only five percent of the workforce is made up of ethnic minorities, although in London the figure rises to 24%.
Man to Man, a historical epic starring Kristin Scott Thomas, opens the German festival on 10 February.
Guitarist Brian May has said he expects to be on the road with Rodgers and drummer Roger Taylor from April.
Bank of America announced last week that it planned to eliminate transfer fees for some customers.
Two of Van Gogh's other films will be shown as planned, including the theatrical world premiere of his last feature 06/05.
A Different Story will screen in the Panorama section of the festival, which runs from 10-20 February.
An Investment Ministry official has told the Reuters news agency that the Bank of Alexandria will be sold sometime in 2005.
The Smoking Gun website publication was "beyond disaster", Ms Kite said.
But domestic demand seems to be taking up the slack.
However, one beneficiary of the desertion of the High Street is expected to be online stores.
At the same time, US audiences were won over by his new thriller Hide and Seek.
The BBC denied it had lost a bidding war, saying it had "decided to pass the mantle to another broadcaster".
But Mr Snow made clear exchange rates had not been on the agenda.
The LSE, which saw its shares rise 25%, said the bid undervalued the business.
The 50th annual contest will be held in Kiev, Ukraine, in May, after Ukrainian singer Ruslana won last year.
The new regulations will limit payments to workers to 150 times the minimum monthly salary, which is currently $94.
Jay-Z, who said he would make no more music after 2003's The Black Album, will become the company's president and chief executive from January.
Nevertheless, one of Mr Bakrie's deputies, Mahendra Siregar, told AFP news agency that Indonesia was still considering the offer by the Paris Club of rich creditor nations to temporarily suspend its debt payments.
But Steve Radley, chief economist at the manufacturers' organisation EEF, said: "These figures remain at odds with what is actually happening on the ground. "
The quality is said to be noticeably crisper than that of a new vinyl record.
The Alexander Walker Special Award - which honours those who have made a supreme contribution to British film - went to Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner, the co-chairmen of Working Title films.
The low-budget L'Esquive depicts the travails of a group of youth getting ready to perform a school play by the 18th-Century dramatist, Marivaux.
But he admitted there were some members of the Carib council who did not support the campaign.
"It would make great sense for us to build on that," said Mr Aiyar.
There will also be a month-long season of Oscar-winning films on Sky Movies in the run up to the event and live uninterrupted coverage on the night.
were it in a catsuit.
The star has not been charged by police.
"The slowdown occurring in the market has given buyers more power to negotiate, but this time of year is traditionally a quiet one," RICS housing spokesman Ian Perry said.
"It was a respectable report," said Michael Moran, analyst at Daiwa Securities.
- Do 100 hours community service
The Producers has beaten Mary Poppins in the battle of the blockbuster West End musicals at the Olivier Awards.
The government hopes to increase the number of mobile users from 95 million to between 200 and 250 million by 2007.
I have a little microphone that's attached to my headset.
The 1965 Fender Stratocaster was one of a number of guitars included in the sale dedicated to the rock legend.
EBay's net revenue for the quarter rose to $935.8m from $648.4m, boosted by growth at its PayPal payment service.
New EU trade commissioner Peter Mandelson said on Tuesday that the two sides had agreed to reopen talks in the aircraft subsidies row, which led to tit-for-tat WTO filings in last autumn.
Georgia's black market is estimated to be twice the size of its legal economy.
Their first UK single hit number three last January, followed by two more top 20 hits, while the album has sold more than 600,000 copies in 11 months on release.
- Have one year's anger management counselling
A Brass Eye satire of the media handling of paedophilia sparked 2,500 complaints in 2001.
"If a bid is going to emerge it is probably likely in the next one to two weeks," said Daiwa Securities analyst Mark Pervan.
It blamed the poor results on sluggish decision making, a rise in discounted retailers and a wet European summer.
No   Results are indicative and may not reflect public opinion
Its good if you like that sort of thing, but really!
Fourth quarter turnover was $44.7bn, compared to $45.9bn a year ago.
But several nations criticised the approach, and European Union ambassador to the WTO, Carlo Trojan, said Iran's application "must be treated independently of political issues".
Anthony became Lopez's third husband in June 2004.
"The economy is now heading upward rather than downward," said central bank governor Park Seung.
The main character, Robert Langdon, also appears in Angels and Demons.
Also on Thursday night, the Fipresci International Critics Awards went to Aaltra, a Belgian film about the handicapped; and the Sutherland Trophy, which was won by Jonathan Caouette for his film Tarnation.
Fahrenheit 9/11 didn't really fit in to that category.
Vertigo by rock giants U2 won three trophies - best rock song, best short video and best rock vocal performance by a duo or group.
Charles Evans Jr battled over his role with the people who eventually made the film, and won a producer's credit.
It is not worth showing "non-essential" nude scenes when indecency complaints are "aggressively pursued" by US TV watchdogs, said PBS' Jacoba Atlas.
- Outstanding achievement or performance in an affiliate theatre - Andrew Scott for A Girl in A Car With A Man at the Jerwood Theatre Upstairs at the Royal Court
GE's shares rose 1% on the news before ending Friday 0.24% lower.
The other universal rule is that DVDs of superhero films will have Making Of features only about the effects.
The other remaining housemate is actress Brigitte Nielsen.
Before his death, Brando granted gaming company Electronic Arts the rights to use his voice and image in a video game based on the Godfather film and book and recorded voice-overs which closely resembled his role as Don Corleone.
Immigration officials said she had been warned about her visa last year.
Business has improved recently with demand for air travel increasing and a recovery in the Brazilian economy.
Top TV cult hit Little Britain has triumphed over The Office at the 15th annual British Comedy Awards.
Bass player Nicky Wire will join Phil Jupitus on his morning show on Monday 6 December, while vocalist and guitarist James Dean Bradfield will appear on Andrew Collins' afternoon show on Thursday 9.
In contrast, oil revenues were expected to fall to $14.1bn from $16bn in the year to March 2005.
For China's aviation authorities, the listing is part of the modernisation of its airline sector to cope with soaring demand for air travel.
Such activities require the continued participation of the Russian government."
" he had never won a Grammy - but
The expectations of today's visitors are higher than ever
Next's shares fell more than 3% following the release of the trading statement.
Up to 2,500 jobs are to go at US insurance broker Marsh & McLennan in a shake up following bigger-than-expected losses.
BBC Two's share of the audience fell from 11.2% to 9.6% last month in comparison with January 2004.
The profit share scheme was introduced in 1997 and has paid out more than £
The outlook for Sri Lanka is less optimistic, with analysts predicting that the country's tourist industry will struggle to recovery quickly.
He also received two nominations in the original song category in 1976 for Gonna Fly Now from Rocky and in 1981 for the title song from For Your Eyes Only.
The commercial-free benefit show will also be aired by a string of cable broadcasters and Clear Channel's radio stations across the US.
Studios have already begun lobbying voters, taking out full page adverts in trade publications such as Variety urging them to remember particular films when it comes to choosing what to back.
Directed by Bollywood veteran Subhash Ghai, the film is set in the British Raj and Bernath plays an army general's daughter who falls in love with a rural boy, Kisna.
Yukos lawyers now say the auction violated US bankruptcy law.
"We need a good and feasible plan and formulating such a plan also needs time," National Bureau of Statistics chief Li Deshui told Reuters.
While the awards are not based on box office popularity there is concern for the ratings of the televised ceremony.
Thailand intends to spend a similar sum - around 30bn baht - on the rebuilding work.
The Sunday Times reported that TCI had been drawing up a list of heavyweight executives to replace Deutsche's chairman Rolf Breuer and chief executive Werner Seifert.
Girls Aloud, Akon and Kaiser Chiefs all have new singles in the top ten, as do Futureheads and Usher.
Despite the commission delivering its decision on the two biggest eurozone economies, it refused to comment on similar action against Greece which has also broken the 3% deficit ceiling.
The dispute between Love and surviving band members Krist Novoselic and drummer Dave Grohl was settled in 2002.
She and John McCririck faced the public vote on Friday - 67% of people voted to keep the racing pundit in the house.
The Bishop of Durham, the Rt Rev Dr Tom Wright, described the novel as a "great thriller" but "lousy history".
An increase in tax enforcement can increase the amount [of dividends and other income] outside shareholders will receive, even accounting for increased levels of taxation," the authors say.
Mercedes is hoping to increase productivity by 3bn euros, having negotiated 500m euros in annual savings with German workers last year.
The government hopes that the new currency will cement the country's economic progress, two weeks after EU leaders set a date for the start of Turkey's accession talks.
In the capital, the volume of sales fell by 23% from 36,185 in 2003 to 28,041 for the same period in 2004.
"I agree that we do not need to cut supply if the prices are as much as this," Fathi Bin Shatwan, Libya's oil minister, told Reuters.
Weitz said he had visited Pullman, who had told him that the Authority could "represent any arbitrary establishment that curtails the freedom of the individual, whether it be religious, political, totalitarian, fundamentalist, communist, what have you".
The thriller upon which the movie is based has sold more than 17 million copies and is centred on a global conspiracy surrounding the Holy Grail mythology.
Sales of T-shirts, accessories and action figures have rocketed since The Osbournes hit screens.
"Merrill Lynch is dedicated to creating a true meritocracy where every employee has the opportunity to advance based on their skills and hard work."
Not much competition in the last 25 years after all.
Farrell's appearance is said to be a result of his friendship with Zach Braff, who stars in the programme.
The plot of an international bestseller that thousands of readers are likely to receive as a Christmas present is 'laughable', a clergyman has said.
London's International Petroleum Exchange remained closed for the Christmas holiday.
The recent speculation surrounding Malcolm Glazer and Manchester United has shown the unsettling effect possible where there are a number of disparate interests," he added.
Taylor, you're my director of the year.
Exports and imports remain strong," he said.
Much of western Europe and the north east of America has been shivering under unseasonably low temperatures in recent days.
Global exports of these products are mainly in the hands of the European Union and the US, who - thanks to subsidies - sell them at very low prices.
Government lawyers said they would ask the full US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia to hear the case.
Black Sabbath have topped a list of the best British rock albums of all time.
For the full-year, TimeWarner posted a profit of $3.36bn, up 27% from its 2003 performance, while revenues grew 6.4% to $42.09bn.
The obvious heir to John Peel is the marvellous, wonderful and talented Claire Kember from totallyradio.com.
More than 40 stars sang as group USA For Africa, including Lionel Richie, Diana Ross, Ray Charles, Bob Dylan, Michael Jackson and Bruce Springsteen.
Mr Ebbers is on trial for fraud and conspiracy in relation to WorldCom's collapse in 2002.
He is now facing charges relating to the murder of one Chilean and the disappearance of nine others.
"The whole purpose of democratic government is to eliminate poverty.
The Paris-based IEA watchdog, which advises industrialized nations on energy policy, said the upward revision was due to stronger demand from China and other Asian countries.
I am a regular listener to Radio 2
Office leasing was especially brisk in Washington DC, and New York City, two of the nation's strongest commercial markets," the Fed said.
Even now, a growing share of US borrowing is from abroad.
Under German law Deutsche does not need investor backing to make a takeover bid.
Still, some measures suggest the picture is not quite so bleak.
"I don't know what I did in this life to deserve this," she told the audience.
It also seeks damages of up to $74,500 (£38,660) for every customer who bought the CD at Maryland Wal-Marts, and also naming record label Wind-Up Records and distributor BMG Entertainment in the legal action. "
Without immediately knowing it, Stan Lee had ushered in the golden age of comics, and his imagination was rekindled.
But his 40-year-old creations are still as enduring as ever - with X-Men, The Hulk and Daredevil have all been turned into Hollywood action movies in the last five years.
Ray's success on DVD outstripped its $74m (£40m)
The song makes me calm and serene and happy.
Late last month the SEC asked for information about transactions involving holders of 5% or more of the firm's shares.
"I think people are aware that it's about life - and I hope it is the warmth and compassion that really talks to people."
The tribunal decided that Ms Villalba had been unfairly dismissed because, having been removed from a senior post, she was entitled to wait to see if a suitable alternative position could be found in the organisation.
According to its Paris lawyer, Emmanuel Gaillard of Shearman and Sterling, the overall claim is based on that figure, with a 60% addition for the share gains that could have accrued since then.
Hank Williams Jr. He wrote Ring of Fire with June Carter Cash, the future wife of Johnny Cash who went on to score his most popular hit with the track.
Their singles include What I Go To School
"He sat down in front of the TV and after 10 minutes it was obvious he wasn't going to move.
It said there are a further 1.5 million-2 million people on subsidised employment schemes who are, in fact, looking for real jobs.
Mr Blair will focus on Africa's development plans and global warming.
"If you look at past Oscar winners and nominees, the very conservative Oscar voters tend to go for very conservative, epic-style pictures.
"One of the reasons I am being honoured here is Europeans tend to see me a little differently than they do in the US," said the director behind JFK, Platoon and Born on the Fourth of July.
In all, Shell restated its reserves four times during 2003.
Houston-based Continental now has debt and pension payments of nearly $984m which it must pay off this year.
- Wendy Ide, The Times: Film - Sideways; director - Alexander Payne; actor - Don Cheadle; actress - Imelda Staunton.
Mr Lebedev said there were "absurd contradictions" in the case.
I've done quite a few films.
Parmalat, the Italian dairy company which went bust after an accounting scandal, hopes to be back on the Italian stock exchange in July.
along with his later career, including his legal battles with record label Sony and his stance against the Iraq war and American politics.
The firm said sales were down 4% in 2004 to 789m euros ($1.03bn; £548m).
Germany's unemployment figure rose above the psychologically important level of five million last month.
"The US is the world's biggest music market, which means something has to be done about the creaky bureaucracy," says Mr McCune.
"The fact that the book has already hit number one in our Hot 100 books chart shows how incredibly excited customers are about the sixth Harry Potter," said Amazon's Robin Terrell.
Mr Newton is a critically acclaimed jazz and classical flutist, composer, performer, and university professor.
The death of Martin Luther King saw it postponed for two days in 1968 as a mark of respect and there was a 24-hour delay following the assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan.
Studies have reportedly shown the plant curbs appetite instead of reducing calorific intake like many existing products.
We saw very good viewer response," he added.
The long-awaited drop in oil prices helped to ease persistent investor jitters over the impact of energy costs on company profits and economic growth.
"They tend to go for films like Titanic, Gladiator, and the Lord of the Rings, films with scale that often aren't too contentious," he said.
She will voice Charlotte, who teams up with a girl to save their friend
China remains the main area of concern for BMW after sales there fell 16% last year.
In California, the company is fighting opposition to new stores amid allegations it forces local competitors out of business.
This whole debate about what is urban, what isnt urban is completely pointless and probably fueled by urban artists who weren't nominated or didn't win.
Lightbody said "over the last 18 months touring has taken its toll on the rest of the band's relationship with him".
It was only that Thunderbirds
He worked again with Tim Burton in the 1999 horror film Sleepy Hollow, and appeared opposite Dame Judi Dench and Juliette Binoche in Chocolat.
The company recently announced that it expected profits in 2005 to be lower than in 2004.
However, Anil's demand that Anand Jain - another IPCL board member accused by Anil of creating a rift in the Ambani family - be thrown out, was not met.
Shares in online auction house eBay fell 9.8% in after-hours trade on Wednesday, after its quarterly profits failed to meet market expectations.
Stories about the state of her marriage to Kevin Federline and rumours about a pregnancy have recently appeared.
the company share price was down 1% at 1218 pence.
So boringly obvious and typical of the bland nature of mainstream music in Britain today, for me it's proof that music and democracy just don't mix.
Mr Tsuda, who will become chairman, was appointed president only two months ago but the business has struggled since then, losing customers in January.
On the other, most are extending cheap loans for rebuilding and recovery, as well as giving their clients more time to repay existing borrowing.
Premiership footballer and record company boss Kevin Campbell has gained a court injunction stopping R&B singer Mark Morrison from releasing an album.
About 80% of Ethiopians depend directly or indirectly on agriculture.
Do you feel confident about your work output without conferring with others?
"She obviously took a wrong step and blew out her knee," a Jive spokeswoman said at the time.
So when they say, 'the winner is', we have five different pieces of music in front of us
The pair both worked at Bank of China in the northern city of Harbin, the South China Morning Post reported.
The show used to be the only way to discover who was in the Top 40.
The deal will bring together famous stores like Macy's, Bloomingdale's and Marshall Field's, creating the largest department store chain in the US.
I would hate to see more Pop Idol-type funding of music though, as it would only serve to reinforce the stereotypes that Alex talked about.
But since then, the general mood on the ground has improved dramatically, in part because the devaluation helped attract fresh direct investment from abroad and stimulate business within Brazil.
GE's net profits were $5.37bn (£2.86bn) for the final three months of 2004, while sales came in at $43.7bn.
Excluding the car sector, sales rose by just 0.3%.
While teaching at the Massachussetts Institute of Technology he spent a month
"[Godzilla's] been working for the last 50 years.
Deutsche Boerse is "trying to buy them off in a sense", he said.
In the meantime, the US Federal Reserve's decision on 2 February to boost interest rates by a quarter of a point - the sixth such move in as many months - has opened up a differential with European rates.
The approach by the 76-year-old owner of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
But the Lisbon targets are about much more than just economic prestige.
Dec. She won a Children's Bafta award for best presenter in December 2001 and also fronted BBC One's Fame Academy series.
But growth of 0.1%...
"Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby affected people emotionally, which is why it will beat Aviator, which was about technical artistry not feelings," Mr Karger said.
It is hoped the museum will also house an education centre.
The Brits has proved to be nothing more than a bargaining tool between the pop moguls to boost band profiles and record sales.
He later opened an exhibition dedicated to Smith in the atrium of Fife College of Further and Higher Education.
If confirmed, that would be the best quarterly showing since early 2002.
"As we mourn his passing, I ask you to keep Charlie's family in your hearts and prayers," chief executive James Skinner said in a statement. "
she said: "It's out of my hands, there's nothing I can do.
The board of Indian conglomerate Reliance has agreed a share buy-back, to counter the effects of a power struggle in the controlling family.
The tie-up comes as the world's top producers are having to contend with falling prices and intense competition.
"I fear that we may have already committed more physical resources to the baby-boom generation in its retirement years than our economy has the capacity to deliver.
Whedon created the character of Buffy in the screenplay for the 1992 film.
Investec chief economist Philip Shaw said he did not expect the poor retail figures to have any immediate effect on interest rates.
Hailey emigrated to Canada in 1947, where he eventually became a citizen.
No further details of the share price or number of shares were given.
Policy-makers also want to make having insurance more of a requirement, but first have to take steps to boost public confidence in the system, analysts said.
And the Guardian takes three of a possible five nominations in the news and sport category for its website coverage of Euro 2004, the Tour de France and the US elections.
"Anyone that says they don't want a zillion screaming fans is a jackass, a liar," he said.
Samsung Electronics and Sony are among other companies working together to reduce costs and speed up new product development.
Clark is also expected to act as executive producer for the upcoming Golden Globe Awards ceremony, which is taking place on 16 January.
A cold spell in north America would start to deplete supplies and could spark further price rises.
The cost of security and other needs around the courthouse has been estimated at $40,000 (£21,000) per day, said Jason Stilwell, a special projects manager at the county administrator's office.
In addition, the company said 2004 net income was affected by a fourth-quarter pre-tax charge taken to reduce the value of a receivable owed to Ford by Visteon, a former subsidiary.
This year's clutch of Oscar nominees have been the least popular for 20 years according to box office figures.
However, Lord Browne rejected calls for a windfall tax on his company's huge profits, saying that in the North Sea it paid progressively more tax, the more profits it made.
US oil prices have fallen by 6%, driven down by forecasts of a mild winter in the densely populated northeast.
The government of Nigeria is hoping to triple cocoa production over the next three years with the launch of an ambitious development programme.
Turkey is to relaunch its currency on Saturday, knocking six zeros off the lira in the hope of boosting trade and powering its growing economy.
The honour, awarded since 1986, honours figures in cinema that the festival feels "particularly indebted to".
McCririck was ordered to leave the house on Monday, following Jackie Stallone, the actor Sylvester's mother, who was first to be evicted.
Many newspapers are investing in new printing machinery that enables them to print more colour pages, or in some cases, have colour on every page.
In the short-term, however, travel companies are cancelling flights and trips.
GMT in Asian electronic trade on Wednesday.
The modest profit rise had been expected by analysts after the company said in December that the poor summer weather had hit soft drink sales in Europe.
President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva promised to reduce unemployment when he was elected two years ago.
The film won the Golden Osella for outstanding technical contribution at this year's Venice Film Festival.
Jackson's defence questioned Ms Kite's credibility, pointing that she worked for the singer's team for less than a week before being fired, and had never met or spoken to the star.
"He isn't bringing any money into the club; he'll use our money to buy it."
India's government has given its backing to cheaper and more accessible air travel.
The ariary was the name of a pre-colonial currency in the Indian Ocean island state.
A breakdown of the latest production figures shows mining output drove the increase, surging 2.1%, while factory output rose 0.3%.
I know it's true that she's not well because she has also cancelled her promotional tour.
"We have warned before that the widespread closure of final salary schemes to new entrants is just the beginning of a much bigger movement away from paternalistic provision," said Ms Sudell.
"Isn't it great" was the comment on the £1,950 throne and "Bob Dylan's old sofa - honest" was written on a dark wood couch priced £4,250.
In April 2004, central government officials ordered a halt to work on the nearby Nu River, which is part of a United Nations world heritage site, the Three Parallel Rivers site which covers the Yangtze, Mekong and Nu (also known as the Salween), according to the UK-published China Review.
Heineken said it now plans to invest 100m euros in "aggressive" and "high-impact" marketing in Europe and the US in 2005.
An entrepreneur from an early age, Mr Holiff served as a rear air gunner in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II, afterwards setting up a drive-in restaurant.
Fidelis Nanga, a journalist based in the Cameroon capital Yaounde, said the government was considering taking criminal action against those found guilty and forcing them to repay any money owed.
The advert described the Star Trek franchise as a "cultural icon".
It is performed by a 40-strong music and theatre troupe in their debut film performance.
The red carpet gala opening night was ditched in favour of a more subdued first night.
The report said the Freeview digital service has had an "impressive" take up since its launch but the BBC must still dispel confusion about the service.
The dollar slid to a record $1.3666 versus the euro on Thursday, before bouncing back to $1.3636.
Her version of Giselle, all lightness and grace, is still considered to be among the finest ever.
In the three-months to January, like-for-like sales showed a growth rate of -0.1%, the same as in the three months to December, the BRC said.
"It's the first time any opera has been translated into a black South African language.
Swashbuckling adventure film
There are already thousands of state-funded musicians out there sitting around, twiddling their thumbs on the "new deal".
It will be their debut performance at the music event which is held over the weekend of 9 and 10 July in Balado near Kinross.
GM and Ford blamed high fuel prices for low sales of big trucks and gas-guzzling sports utility vehicles (SUVs) - the vehicles that provide the biggest profits.
Analysts said Absa's earnings forecast was better than expected.
Opec members said on Tuesday that, given such high prices, the cartel saw no reason to cut its output.
Her departure will come into effect on 1 February and follows the departure of co-chief executive Rebecca Navarednam on 1 January.
The Commission is buckling under the pressure from Germany and France, " EPP spokesman Alexander Radwan said.
Virgin Blue was launched four years ago and now has roughly one third of Australia's domestic airline market.
The report added that a combination of higher taxes, higher savings and/or a higher average retirement age was needed to solve the UK pension crisis.
In September the government introduced subsidies worth up to £4m per film for medium budget films, under new Treasury measures.
"It's still too early for concrete damage figures," Swiss Re's spokesman Floiran Woest told Associated Press. "
The official US policy is that it supports a strong dollar but many market observers believe it is happy to let the dollar fall because of the boost to its exporters.
A fan says she saw Edwards in the hippy resort of Goa, India.
Meanwhile, economists cautioned against reading too much into data from the Federal Reserve showing an unexpected $8.7bn drop in consumer debt in November.
Chief executive Michael Capellas spent last week meeting with shareholders in an effort to win their backing.
The growth figures come about despite a strike earlier this year by about 400,000 public sector worker which closed banks, hospitals, postal services and transport facilities.
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko said as many as 3,000 firms could be included on the list of firms whose sale was being reviewed.
Mr Lacroix said he planned to stay at the label he founded in 1987 although exact details are still to be confirmed.
One of its biggest card issuers, LG Card, was rescued from collapse in December, having almost imploded under the weight of its customers' bad debts.
Celebrating his win, the Oscar-nominated Owen told reporters: "The whole award season is new to me because I haven't won anything before.
In the US, food group Kraft is among firms that already have cut back on promoting sugar and fattening products to the young.
Membership of the Geneva-based WTO helps guarantee a country's goods receives equal treatment in the markets of other member states - a policy which has seen it become closely associated with globalisation.
The company said it would retain more than 90% of Peoplesoft product development and product support staff.
China overtook the US to become Japan's biggest trading partner in 2004, according to numbers released by Japan's Finance Ministry on Wednesday.
The January sales have failed to help the UK High Street recover from a poor Christmas season, a survey has found.
Radio 1's chart show is an institution and remains the station's single most popular show," says JK, also known as Jason King.
Sometimes quality comes in bulk: this set contains no less than 34 John Wayne films ranging from the Westerns and war movies to The Quiet Man.
Download sales are due to be incorporated into the UK singles chart later this year.
"We've had some bumps in the road, but that's only because the festival is still a baby.
Having already donated billions of dollars to the fight against Aids and Malaria, Mr Gates will call on world leaders to support a global vaccination campaign to protect children in developing countries from easily preventable diseases.
The company only began assembling luxury high-powered sedans in China in 2003.
Other films included the Stephen King adaptation The Dead Zone in 1983 and 1985's Clue, a comedy based on the board game Cluedo.
But Age Concern said imposing a retirement age of 65 was "cowardly" and a "complete u-turn".
Miyazaki won an Oscar earlier this year for Spirited Away, Japan's first Academy Award for nearly 50 years.
MCI's directors have backed Verizon, despite it tabling less money.
Knight and drum 'n' bass star Roni Size have released No More in a bid to reduce gun use among young people.
Some 200 new jobs are to be created at the Oxford factory, including modernised machinery and a new body shell production building.
The Aviator, a film biography of Howard Hughes that leads the Oscar field with 11 nominations, was at number six for the weekend with $7.5m (£4m).
Personally, I think it shows that no one has any originality any more!
Cadbury added that its Fuel for Growth cost-cutting programme had saved £75m in 2004, bringing total cost savings to £100m since the scheme began in mid-2003.
The insurer hit the headlines in October last year when it faced accusations of price rigging.
Capital Economics, which has in the past predicted a sharp fall in UK house prices, branded Halifax's findings a "temporary surprise," which would be reversed over the coming months.
Obligatory employer contributions to worker welfare programmes mean that it costs more to hire staff in France than in many other European economies.
Ms Tymoshenko said prosecutors had drawn up a list of more than 3,000 businesses which were to be reviewed.
- Philip French, The Observer: Film - The Aviator; director - Martin Scorsese; actor - Jamie Foxx; actress - Hilary Swank.
Typically it takes about three years from when a decision is taken before a new model hits the streets, Mr Panke said, implying that a BMW crossover could be on the market by 2008.
"Internal and external economic conditions are likely to remain unfavourable in 2005," the Finance and Economy Ministry said in a statement.
Mr Snow's comments may have helped shore up the dollar on Monday, but he was careful to qualify his statement.
A Treasury spokesperson dismissed the latest claims, saying it was "on track to meeting spending rules and the golden rule in the current cycle and beyond".
Herve Gaymard said he would seek action on the issue at the next meeting of G7 countries in February.
"We are a tribute band," said Hynde, 53.
"But I think it's backfiring.
Mr Valentine, who was born in the United States but grew up in Argentina, agreed.
But the clampdown has caused fraudsters to change tack, Retail Decisions said.
And, if it is, then they shouldn't be acknowledged for it even if they're pretty dam good at it?
While domestic demand is set to continue to enjoy rapid growth, foreign sales could come under pressure, analysts said.
But other past winners of the regular Booker Prize, such as Salman Rushdie, JM Coetzee and Kazuo Ishiguro have failed to make the shortlist.
Anne Thompson of the Hollywood Reporter said that Million Dollar Baby was "heart-wrenching".
In London, the benchmark Brent crude price closed down 51 cents at $44.38 a barrel, while New York light sweet crude closed down 25 cents at $48.64 a barrel.
Hollywood veteran Clint Eastwood took the best director prize for Million Dollar Baby while its star Hilary Swank was best actress.
Riots also flared up in the Maghnia region close to the border with Morocco in the west, AFP said.
Heineken's net income fell to 537m euros ($701m; £371m) during 2004, from 798m euro a year ago.
"If we lose we will have to go through a massive re-merchandising process and reorganisation," she said.
It has not yet been determined how much each director will have to pay.
Entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson's US TV show, The Rebel Billionaire, is proving a flop in the ratings.
As sound technicians rushed to fix it, other band members did their best to improvise.
"Godzilla should thank you for this historical and monumental star," said Final Wars producer Shogo Tomiyama.
Are you happy to listen to Vivaldi or Greensleeves, or do you want an immediate response?
The government has set an economic growth rate target of 5% for next year and hinted that would be in danger unless it took action.
And indeed, stock exchange traders around Asia have wasted little time regretting the victims of this week's disaster.
The move is designed to help News Corp attract more investment from the largest US financial institutions, and make it easier to raise capital.
The firm reported worldwide futures orders for athletic footwear and gear, scheduled for delivery from December 2004 to April 2005, of $4.9bn.
The Bank revealed that 48,000 fewer mortgages were approved in January than for the same month in 2004.
Work was expected to be completed by summer 2006, Fairmont said.
They own 29% of United through their Cubic Expression investment vehicle.
Despite a fall of more than $12 a barrel from the record highs reached in late October, the price of crude oil remains almost 30% higher than year-ago levels.
The move comes as the conservative country inches open the door to working women.
Hundreds of fans greeted the star, all wearing Santa hats, and mince pies were on offer.
The country's economy has suffered from an overhang of personal debt after its consumers' credit card spending spree.
Hatcher thanked the show's cast, crew and "a network who gave me a second chance at a career when I couldn't have been a bigger 'has been'".
It has called it "the most ambitious singles release campaign in the history of the UK record industry".
The French co-head of European defence and aerospace group EADS Philippe Camus is to leave his post.
In its first week on home entertainment release the film was the number one selling DVD, with the limited edition version coming in at number 11.
I visualised the pilots at the controls and wondered what would happen if they both got sick.
Out of all the awards dished out yesterday, I'm still trying to find out what people of other races received any sort of recognition or award.
US insurers are likely to have only minimal to no exposure.
Lucas predicted the film would get a US rating advising parents some scenes may be unsuitable for under-13s.
But the news failed to dent confidence that sales will recover in future, with surveyors at their most optimistic in a year - as new purchase inquiries stabilised despite holding at lower levels.
Central to the government's case was a meeting in the Plaza Hotel, New York, on 15 December, 1953.
She is now seeking to be reimbursed for the tour's £5m ($9.3m) costs in a claim filed at New York State Supreme Court.
The best read award, on Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan's Channel 4 show, is part of the British Book Awards.
Consolidation in the US telecommunications industry has picked up in the past few months as companies look to cut costs and boost client bases.
News of the deal had boosted shares in the club on Friday, but the stock slipped back 7% during Monday morning.
It was followed by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Finding Nemo and The Lord of the Rings:
A slew of great new British artists have met UK music fans' demand for great music," said BPI chairman Peter Jameson.
During that time, sales grew a lacklustre 2.9% in 2001 and 2.5% a year later.
The rupee climbed to 43.305 per US dollar on Thursday, up from a close of 43.41.
Accessory vendor Claire's Stores also suffered as an expected last minute shopping rush never materialised, leaving its same store sales 5% higher, compared to a 6% rise last year.
I had no sense his career was going to go downhill."
House prices fell further in November and property sale times lengthened as rate rises took their toll, the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors found.
a year in aid for the next decade.
His film credits include Edge of Darkness, Vertical Limit and Beyond Borders, which starred Angelina Jolie and Clive Owen.
The factory in Trollhaettan has been at the centre of rumours about GM's planned severe cutbacks in its troubled European operations.
Top of the Pops has turned to the star of Elvis Presley musical Jailhouse Rock after the late rock legend scooped the UK's 1,000th number one single.
The US movie also picked up four other accolades including best director for Alexander Payne and supporting actor for Thomas Haden Church.
And last summer, economists at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC) warned house prices were overvalued and could fall by between 10% and 15% by 2009.
Depp's charismatic performance drew an audience of adults and children alike into Barrie's vivid imagination, and he was called the "fifth child of the group" by the film's director Marc Forster.
sci-fi thriller Primer, written and directed by Shane Carruth.
Comedian Chris Morris, who created controversial TV show Brass Eye, is to return to screens with a new sitcom about a spoof London media worker.
She lost in that category to The Aviator.
They signed with independent label Domino, home of Smog, Sebadoh and Four Tet, in June 2003.
"The region that's affected is very big so we have to check country-by-country
The Office became a surprise US success when it was screened on cable channel BBC America.
Good rains, increased use of fertilizers and improved seeds contributed to the rise in production.
Ray has been nominated in six Oscar categories including best film and best actor for Jamie Foxx.
A major reform of Brazil's bankruptcy laws has been approved by the country's Congress, in a move which it is hoped will cut the cost of borrowing.
Former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney is second on the list with £800m - up £40m on last year.
ICBC's profits were 74.7bn yuan ($9bn; £4.8bn) in 2004, the bank said in a statement.
It followed nominations for the Brit Awards and the Mercury Music Prize.
- they are worried about the risk of going abroad,
Government figures have confirmed a widely reported slowdown of the UK's housing market in late 2004.
Yukos said it would consider its options in light of the ruling.
Two other new entries, a remake of the 1965 film Flight of the Phoenix, and the teen comedy Harold and Kumar
The order can be seen as good news for Boeing, which in recent years has been overtaken by European plane maker Airbus as the world's biggest-selling plane maker.
Charlie Simpson took his new band Fightstar to the stage on Friday night, just hours after officially announcing his departure from pop band Busted.
Rosneft officials were unavailable for comment.
"That's the People's Choice Awards.
Widely leaked to the German newspapers a day in advance, they produced screaming headlines criticising Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrat-Green Party administration.
However, the routes don't currently make a profitable contribution to our business and we are unable to sustain them while this remains the case.
Airbus head Noel Forgeard is now set to replace Mr Camus, bringing the company's power struggle to an end.
With Vera Drake star Imelda Staunton nominated for best actress alongside Kate Winslet, Britain has a good chance of victory - on paper.
However, the LSE said the cash offer "undervalued" both its own business and the benefits of such a tie-up.
In addition, low interest rates meant that "long-term investment returns are well below historic levels", Mr Gill added.
NTPC has said it will use the money from the share sale to feed the growing needs of the country's energy-starved economy.
Another favourite solution is Premium Bonds.
The disappointments overshadowed increased production targets for Cairn's existing oilfields.
Predicted chart-topper
Music made in the inner cities?
The problem facing South Korea is that many consumers are reeling from the effects of a credit bubble that only recently burst.
"The task is not simply to double GDP; instead it is to use GDP to qualitatively improve people's lives," Mr Gref told Kommersant.
Monica Chadha, BBC Delhi reporter, said air travel in India had increased by almost 20% from the previous year and was expected to rise even further.
Following his lecture, Dr Greenspan - who received an honorary knighthood from the Queen at Balmoral in 2002 - was awarded an honorary fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
The North East showed the highest rate of inflation at 26.2%, followed by Yorkshire and the Humber on 21.7%, and the North West on 21.1%.
The current account deficit, meanwhile, hit a record $166bn in the second quarter of 2004.
Some 2,000 business and political leaders from around the globe will listen to UK Prime Minister Tony Blair's opening speech on Wednesday.
There are plans to tear down old buildings and build new ones and there are rumours that a new paint shop could be included in the plans.
Some are for comedy shows, some are new-type projects.
However, if she picks the wrong man, then the impostor takes the money.
Give this to someone on 24 December
Its inflation index, which has risen continuously over the last 8 months, climbed to 110.0 in January from 108.0 in October last year.
LG card's creditors fear that such a move would triggered massive debt redemption requests that could bankrupt the firm, which owes about $12.05bn.
The paper says it will go before the House of Commons on 23 February.
Air passengers who are unable to board their flights because of overbooking, cancellations or flight delays can now demand greater compensation.
Grantham hit the headlines in May after a newspaper printed photographs of him apparently exposing himself via a webcam from his dressing room.
Japan Airlines said it had looked at both aircraft before choosing the 7E7, also known as the Dreamliner.
In the states they tend to use hip hop and R&B, if I say hip hop here
Citizens Bank and Canal Bank are the two lenders that were identified.
Kudrow's Friends co-star, David Schwimmer, plays a divorced drunkard in Duane Hopwood, while Brosnan stars as a hit man in comedy The Matador.
Meanwhile, UK-based firm Aggregate Industries said it had agreed a £1.8bn takeover by Holcim.
However, many experts, including the World Bank, have pointed out that it is still difficult to assess the magnitude of the disaster and its likely economic impact.
£19.8m) on its opening weekend and $184m (£95.8m) in total.
It its place, the AFI fears, is a news landscape where "newscasters are more personalities than journalists" and balance and integrity are increasingly ignored.
Most of the critics tipped Jamie Foxx and Hilary Swank to scoop best actor and actress for Ray and Million Dollar Baby respectively.
The Game also made a contribution to the Compton schools music programme.
Film - Sideways; director - Clint Eastwood; actor - Jamie Foxx; actress - Kate Winslet.
The firms denied that they are about to link up, but said they are examining ways of working more closely together.
Geraldine McCaughrean has picked up the children's fiction award for the third time for Not the End of the World.
"The tabloid thing has been difficult at times," Cook said.
The Vestey Group said it had owned the land since 1920 and would co-operate fully with the authorities.
Factory manager Herbert Stueker says that he now hopes to increase productivity "by nearly 30%".
While this rescheduling and recent softness is disappointing, it does not change my views of the improving health of the global recorded music industry," he added.
European firms have protested that US laws introduced after the Enron scandal make Wall Street listings too costly.
And who to play the lead role?
Keanu Reeves' supernatural thriller Constantine dropped a place to three.
All major UK regions, apart from Northern Ireland, experienced a fall in annual growth during December.
"We have said as much to the Americans.
Christian Andersen's fairy tales are timeless and universal," said Jarre.
Three film studios are said to be interested in buying film rights for the book, even though it is not finished yet.
The judges called Guy's My Heart is My Own: The Life of Mary Queen of Scots "an impressive and readable piece of scholarship, which cannot fail but leave the reader moved and intrigued by this most tragic and likeable of queens".
Growth in industrial output - the main target of government efforts to impose curbs on credit and investments - was 11.5% in 2004, down from 17% the previous year.
Clint Eastwood's boxing drama Million
, let's celebrate her victory
The lawsuit said the star has endured mental and physical injuries as a result of the alleged incident.
The FDI relaxation coupled with rapid local market growth could really ignite interest in the Indian telecommunication industry," added Ernst and Young's Sanjay Mehta.
In the space of one year - between 2002 and 2003 - CD album sales fell by 13.8%.
A film that follows a group of alienated youth in a Paris suburb as they prepare to perform an 18th Century play has won France's top cinema award.
"I'm not interested in the publicity.
"Most of the disgruntled shareholders of Deutsche Boerse are complaining that the money that is being used for the bid could be better placed in their hands, paid out in dividends," Mr Faraj continued.
Mr Chavez has also invited Chinese firms to bid for gas exploration contracts which his government will offer next year in the western Gulf of Venezuela.
The growth in the DVD market and a sharp increase in sales of digital music ensured a strong market in the US.
Its winners often go on to win Oscars.
In the supporting categories, Cate Blanchett is tipped to win for her performance as Katharine Hepburn in The Aviator, while Morgan Freeman is favourite to take home his first ever Oscar, for Million Dollar Baby.
Her comeback song Bout featuring Rah Digga only just scrapped into the top 40.
There were calls for it to be cancelled in 2003 during the war in Iraq, but as it didn't stop during World War II or the Vietnam war.
The firm is the largest utility company in India, and the sixth largest power producer in the world.
The awards will be hosted by American Idol presenter Ryan Seacrest, and will feature performances by Usher, Gwen Stefani, Nelly and Green Day.
after getting five nominations.
"It's a pretty good growth rate, but it may not be good enough to create enough jobs," said Robert Brusca, chief economist at Fact and Opinion Economics in New York.
San Francisco police said they could find no record of his arrest.
In contrast, Inbev's European business saw volume sales fall 2.5%, although Central and Eastern European sales rose 12%.
"The possibility of carrying out this project is next to zero," said Atinc Ozkan, analyst at Finans Investment in Istanbul.
He was charged under a law which prohibits indecent dress or expression.
The dinner, on Tuesday, is expected to be attended by more than 800 guests.
The club has also faced calls to appoint executives from outside the club.
So in general leave well alone.
"You need a movie star and someone who is a stand-up comic so they can deal with the vicissitudes of the show.
Chrysler, the US unit of Germany's DaimlerChrysler, was the only Detroit based automaker to boast an increase in market share during the month - with sales rising 8%.
"There's not a sense that it's obvious how it's going to go."
Shares in Southwest fell 65 cents to $14.35 as analysts voiced their disappointment.
and they were enormous concerts."
After Mr Putin came to power, the company's overall effective tax rate rose from 2.6% to 10.4%, and Sibneft was the target of a series of aggressive raids by fiscal police.
A Department for Media, Culture and Sport spokeswoman said: "We're aware that people are experiencing problems, and are working with the US embassy and record industry to see what we can do about it."
Rod Eddington, BA's chief executive, said the results were "respectable" in a third quarter when fuel costs rose by £106m or 47.3%.
Italy's Illva Saronno has agreed to buy 33% of Changyu, the largest wine maker in China.
Services now make up roughly 40% of the economy, and consumer spending and retail banking have become increasingly important.
Guidant is a key producer of equipment that combats heart problems such as implant defibrillators and pacemakers.
Their lawyer, Majeed Memon, said: "We had argued that how can a film say it is telling the true story when the court itself is struggling to find the truth? "
Ozzy said he was "just coming to grips" with what had happened and his opinion of the UK had been lowered after 12 relatively trouble-free years in the US.
Also present at the service was former US president Bill Clinton and singer Harry Belafonte, who gave the eulogy.
and I think you have to be very focused on ballet to want to carry on doing it," she said.
He realised that nothing was perfect
Elsewhere, the BBA added underlying mortgage lending rose by £4m in November, compared to October's £4.29m.
It will be the 21st James Bond film to hit the big screen, and speculation has been rife over who will play the lead.
The appointment of Mahmoud Mohieldin, a reform-minded technocrat, to the new post of investment minister in July was taken as a sign that more sell-offs were on the way.
Companies can, for example, persuade officials to overlook non-payment of taxes.
"Hopefully I'll be staying up to celebrate -
- left over the December holiday period without informing or paying their employees, he said.
"We've all been overwhelmed by the response and can't get it in perspective yet.
"Whether it is identity theft, terrorism, or other theft, in this new complicated world baggage handlers should have background checks and more care should be taken for who is hired for these increasingly sensitive positions," the Democrat senator said.
South Korea's economy is expected to grow by 4.5% this year.
The holding company, owned by the Chinese government, holds most of CAO's Singapore-listed shares.
Under direct threat will be the federal government's ability to make good on its debts to the Social Security Trust Fund.
Who's Your Daddy promises $100,000 (£52,000) to the contestant if she correctly identifies her father.
"The primary factor is the weak dollar," said Victor Shum, a Singapore-based analyst with Purvin and Gertz.
His name [Depardieu] is no longer sufficient to guarantee the success of a film," said Le Figaro newspaper.
But the date has been put back to 17 April to create a "level playing field" for independent labels.
It added that with few employment alternatives available many sacked garment workers could end up in far worse jobs - with some of the mainly female workers forced into the sex trade.
Hopefully manufactured rubbish will die down soon, and let the real artists who worked hard for there glory receive awards.
The nine now charged, who worked as suppliers to Ahold, are accused of signing false documents relating to the amount of money they paid the retailer for promoting their products in its stores.
Robbie did in no way deserve that mantle.
Why a half-baked cheesy ditty like Angels, which has become the anthem for millions of romantic sops (think how many times it was sung on Pop Idol for example, and by whom), should be voted the best song of the past 25 years, is beyond me.
but I don't think we deserved to beat The Office which is a great show and more than just a comedy.
Previous winners of the Forbes award include Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive Fred Goodwin and former Vodafone boss Chris Gent.
"A lot of people don't want to see it happen, but we're responding to the two most important groups - our family and our fans.
Sony Pictures Entertainment vice chairman.
The scandal was a key factor in a global slide in share prices and the reverberations are still being felt today.
There have been a number of warnings that the UK housing market may be heading for a downturn after four years of strong growth to 2004.
Werner Seifert met LSE chief executive Clara Furse amid rumours the German group may raise its bid to £1.5bn ($2.9bn) from its initial £1.3bn offer.
The Magic Roundabout will never appeal to the children of today as it did all those many years ago.
More than 90,000 businesses in all, from massive corporations to tiny shopfronts, have been sold off since 1992, as the command economy built up when Ukraine was part of the Soviet Union was dismantled.
He added Alexander "was not an easy movie, but then I've never made easy movies".
Compliance costs are already believed to be making firms wary of US listings.
Get Me Out of Here drew an average of 10.9m viewers - about four million fewer than the previous series.
"That's rubbish," KSE chairman Yaseen Lakhani told the BBC News website.
Within this, internet fraud totalled £43m, Apacs' figures show.
But Mr Lee said he did not know the rapper had filmed the video and made an album behind bars, and said he was fooled into letting the cameras in.
The best first screenplay award went to Joshua Marston for Maria Full of Grace.
The figure of 5.216 million people, or 12.6% of the working-age population, is the highest jobless rate in Europe's biggest economy since the 1930s.
The film - an Angolan/French/Portuguese production - tells the story of a veteran of the country's civil war who returns home to face a new battle of survival.
If James Brown was the godfather of soul, then Ray Charles was indisputably one of its founding fathers.
Brett Lock of gay group OutRage! said they were "wiping the slate clean".
TUC General Secretary Brendan Barber called for "a commitment to policies that will make a real difference to the lives of working people."
"This is one of the most ambitious projects I have been involved with," said Daldry.
Chief executive Gerd Niebaum stepped down last week and creditors are now pushing for greater control.
Depp has become an unlikely major star, given his preference for taking dark and idiosyncratic roles instead of surefire box office hits.
With figures like this there can be little doubt that many employers will have to reduce future benefits at some point for those staff still in these schemes."
Introducing the band, Springsteen mocked Bono as the man who "single-handedly pioneered the Irish mullet", poking fun at "one of the best and most endearingly messianic complexes in rock 'n' roll".
Other firms that have taken legal action in China, with varying degrees of success, include Yamaha, General Motors and Toyota.
Chinese police have detained three top executives at milk firm Yili, with reports suggesting that they are being investigated for embezzlement.
In October last year, it announced the closure of one of its two Welsh factories.
The threat of higher raw material costs also hit industries such as carmakers.
The plan was put forward by G7 finance ministers over the weekend.
"Let's wait until we see how growth and employment bear up under the fourth quarter's energy price drag before concluding that the Fed has more work to do in 2005," said Avery Shenfeld, senior economist at CIBC World Markets.
French actress Audrey Tautou, star of hit film Amelie, will play the female lead in the film adaptation of The Da Vinci Code, it has been reported.
It is to close the Mercedes factory in Sindelfingen on Monday and Tuesday.
MCI shares jumped on Friday, hitting their highest level since April 2004 amid speculation that it would be the focus of a bidding war.
According to a statement from Mr Spitzer's office, the Marsh executive admitted he instructed insurance companies to submit non-competitive bids for insurance business between 2002 and 2004.
"While in Fahrenheit 9/11 there are moments of comedy, I think the way that Super Size Me is put together - the fact
Sales at clothing and clothing accessory stores jumped 1.8%, while sales at general merchandise stores, a category that includes department stores, rose by 0.9%.
That's how far we are at this stage," said Mr Siregar.
The head of Christian Brothers' school St Fintian's, Richard Fogarty, said the video implied that the 24-year-old pop star had attended his school and was abused there.
It's not exactly groundbreaking.
"The main reason is probably that the domestic economy is still weak, particularly in the retail trade.
" Films with "medium" budgets of up to £9m, a similar level to box office hits Vera Drake, Calendar Girls and Enduring Love, are expected to be worst hit by the tax clampdown.
but this is a natural development following the changes introduced last year.
McCaughrean, who went into magazine publishing after studying teaching, previously won the category in 1987 with A Little Lower than Angels and in 1994 with Gold Dust.
"Their greatness has become clear with Speakerboxxx/
"France still has a strong economic growth," said Marc Toutai, an economist at Natexis Banques Populaires.
He is the only non-Nato member leader invited to attend the summit.
The line has the support of the Mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, business groups and the government, but there have been three years of arguments over how it should be funded.
There have been an estimated five million Freeview set-top boxes sold since the launch and prices have fallen considerably.
The ceremony will be televised on ITV1 on Thursday.
Mr Karger, whose favourite film of the year was Mike Leigh's abortion drama Vera Drake, stayed upbeat about the awards despite his other comments.
More than 153,000 people are expected to travel to Mr Eavis' Somerset farm from 24-26 June, but the event's rising popularity has meant an extremely high demand for tickets in recent years.
A study of the United States at war in the past 50 years has picked up one of the main awards at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival in Utah, in the US.
Mobos , but why not Brits????
Mr Spector, known for his work with the Beatles, has claimed that Lana Clarkson committed suicide.
In the final series all the main characters were killed off charging towards German lines after being ordered out of their trench.
The eight remaining contestants are competing for a £50,000 prize, to be donated to the charity of their choice, if they survive a series of public votes.
The Bush administration has taken an increasingly harsh line on Cuba in recent months.
Factory Workers Union secretary general Billy Macaefa blamed the closures on the end of worldwide textile quotas.
You are kidding, right?
But the artists themselves were not involved in the negotiations and have not directly signed up.
The nuclear unit of Russian energy giant Gazprom is reportedly facing a 1bn rouble ($35.7m; £19.1m) back-tax claim for the 2001-2003 period.
Born in January 1934, Rowlands won a scholarship to the Guildhall School of Speech and Drama scholarship when she was just 15.
It said Chalone would be integrated into its existing US wine business.
Allianz, a leading German insurer, said it did not know yet what its exposure would be.
"To call it a jewel is not an over-estimation.
British star Clive Owen is second favourite at William Hill to take the best supporting actor award, for his performance in Closer.
Jennifer Lopez cancelled an appearance at the UK charity premiere of her new movie saying she was too ill to fly.
Some had looked to the G20 meeting for direction.
The country relies on tourism for about 6% of its total economy.
Words of more than two syllables were discouraged.
Julia Roberts won her 10th consecutive crown as favourite female movie star.
Repackage my childhood and sell it to me at an extortionate price!
Wilbur the pig, in the story by EB White.
All of that is a bit overwhelming.
The unemployment rate is measured in the six main metropolitan areas of Brazil (Sao Paolo, Rio de Janeiro, Belo Horizonte, Recife, Salvador and Porto Alegre), where most of the population is concentrated.
Actor Jamie Foxx - who is nominated for an Oscar for playing Charles in the hit movie Ray - dedicated a rendition of Georgia on My Mind to "old friends".
People have such short memories!
"It has been good for us, but also hard for us over the past six years."
"He was courteous, and understated, and he adored gardens, particularly creating them for his beautiful wife.
Over the past few months, delegations of European and other business leaders have been heading to the SEC's Washington DC headquarters to protest.
Snow Patrol's success came after a year in which they made a chart breakthrough with their third album Final Straw.
Swiss drugmaker Novartis has announced 5.65bn euros ($7.4bn; £3.9bn) of purchases to make its Sandoz unit the world's biggest generic drug producer.
"They can complain about it
But economists said there could be a number of reasons for a fall in the borrowing, which include credit cards and personal loans, while noting that such figures can vary on a month-to-month basis.
Singapore's economy had contracted over the summer, weighed down by soaring oil prices.
But she is taking her time committing to her next project, hoping to land a strong Spanish script and would love to be able to work with directors Pedro Almodovar or Alejandro Amenabar.
And on 26 November singer Brian Harvey quit as a contestant after he had a blazing row with Janet Street-Porter.
- mean there are eight fully-operational Islamic banking groups in the country.
India continues to post excellent results thanks to increased promotion and product development, but also to the upsurge in business travel driven by the rapid economic development of the country," the WTO said.
Digital multi-channel TV is continuing to be the strongest area of growth, with the BBC reporting Freeview box ownership of five million, including one million sales in the last portion of 2004.
For 2004 as a whole, eBay earned $778.2m on sales of $3.27bn.
S&N will buy a 17.5% equity stake in United, maker of the well-known Kingfisher lager brand, and make a public offer to buy another 20% stake.
China's banks used to act as cash offices for state enterprises and did not require checks on credit worthiness.
The Caribbean island's government said Disney planned to film in Dominica.
As part of the deal, Federated - owner of Macy's and Bloomingdale's - will assume $6bn of May's debt, bringing the deal's total value to $17bn.
" There may be a perception that war, terrorism and religious and political divisions are making the world a worse place, even though that has not so far been reflected in global economic performance, says the BBC's Elizabeth Blunt.
Travelers had sales of $5.2bn in 2004 and made a profit of $901m.
The original book by George Abbott and Richard Bissell will be revised by playwright Peter Ackerman, who co-wrote the screenplay for the movie Ice Age.
Foreign sales increased by 8.2% last year, compared with a 0.3% slide in private consumption.
He hinted at discontent with the current state of music industry, and said: "I don't really think that there is anyone in the modern pop business who I feel I want to spar with."
It is reported to be keen on buying a 15% stake in oil unit Yuganskneftegas.
Green groups say putting pressure on supply chains is a major way companies can reduce their environmental impact.
It also criticised the high tariffs imposed by both developed and developing nations.
The two sides settled out of court in a deal that has remained secret apart from the fact Mr Evans' name has appeared as a producer when the film's credits roll.
One man also died of a heart attack, and a woman fell to her death during the free party.
The European Central Bank (ECB) left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 2% on Thursday.
Mr Zombic said that this legal framework was a "huge problem".
Analysts said the defence documents provided more details on WMC, and may trigger a possible rival bid.
Vera Drake star Imelda Staunton has 5/1 odds of winning the best actress Oscar at Bet 365 and William Hill, ahead of fellow UK star Kate Winslet who has odds of 25/1 at William Hill.
It's not just true in the movies, it's also true in the theatre.
Winslet said she was "ecstatic" about the fourth Oscar nomination of her career, this time for her lead role in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
Nair said that she jumped at the chance to work on the film, which she has - controversially - made in a Bollywood style, including two song-and-dance routines in the film's second half.
The European Union estimates that the global trade in pirated wares is worth more than 200bn euros a year (£140bn; $258bn), or about 5% of total world trade.
Her parents were comfortably off - her father, a mining engineer, drove a Rolls Royce.
UK banking icon Barclays was founded more than 300 years ago; it has operations in over 60 countries and employs 76,200 staff worldwide.
The UK's biggest brewer, Scottish and Newcastle (S&N), is to buy 37.5% of India's United Breweries in a deal worth 4.66bn rupees ($106m:£54.6m).
The World Health Organisation (WHO) said 700,000 people in poor countries were on life-extending drugs - up from 440,000 six months earlier but amounting to only 12% of the 5.8 million who needed them.
Stan Lee, the man responsible for a string of comic superheroes that have become household names, has won a court battle for a slice of the profits from the hit Spider-Man movies.
Wal-Mart, the largest US retailer, has said its December sales are expected to be better than previously forecast because of strong post-Christmas sales.
Kidman sought the "apprehended violence" orders - normally used in Australia in cases of domestic violence and similar incidents - after being advised to do so by local police.
" The world's largest retailer has not yet decided whether to resume firearms sales in California, company spokesman Gus Whitcomb said.
Fans will then vote as usual to pick the all-time best Eurovision song during the show in Denmark in October.
The company was not available for comment.
The overwhelming majority of the victims will have had no insurance: according to estimates from India, only one-quarter of those affected there were wealthy enough to afford insurance, and only one-quarter of that group at most will have taken out policies.
"We believe the only significant bidder at the auction on Sunday is Gazprom," he said, referring to Russia's natural gas giant.
The winners from 12 different categories are crowned on 2 March 2005.
How far are the Brits removed from inner-city music and what people are doing?
Sideways was also among the winners, taking the prize for best cast performance.
He added: "While we will review the assumptions made by Grant Samuel in detail, we are extremely sceptical of their conclusion, and suggest that WMC shareholders take extreme care in presuming that these optimistic assumptions are capable of being realised."
The organisation has found itself in trouble after being accused of helping to topple Georgia's former president.
Even the International Monetary Fund (IMF) admits this. "
Nationally, house prices rose at an annual rate of 10.7% in December, less than the 13.7% rise the previous month.
The Institute also cited the death of actor Marlon Brando and the changing landscape of TV news in the US.
After receiving his award for best TV comedy actor with Walliams, Lucas said: "It's a great honour to be nominated alongside Ricky Gervais and Martin Clunes."
At the same time, about 100,000 people are expected to converge on the Brazilian resort of Porto Alegre for the World Social Forum - the so-called "anti-Davos" for campaigners against globalisation, for fair trade, and many other causes.
Mr Khodorkovsky is in jail, and on trial for fraud and tax evasion.
The alliance comes as a badly-needed boost for loss-making Mitsubishi, after several profit warnings and poor sales.
India imports about 70% of its total oil consumption.
Keane won best British album and breakthrough act.
Davis, who was married to actress Ruby Dee, was found dead on Friday in his hotel room in Miami Beach, Florida, where he was making a film.
This was a return to the "weaker pattern" of lending seen in the last months of 2004, the BBA added.
However, a recut version of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ, which featured less violence than last year's original movie, took just $239,850 (£125,000), despite opening in 957 cinemas.
Steel analyst Peter Fish, director of Sheffield-based consulting group MEPS, said the extent of CVRD's price rise was "uncharted territory", adding that the steel industry "hasn't seen an increase of this magnitude probably in 50 years".
The original film, released in 1980, has spawned ten sequels based around mask-wearing murderer Jason Voorhees.
Bosses of Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange are to meet amid talk that a takeover bid for the LSE will be raised to £1.5bn ($2.9bn).
"I went to see this group, Raw T - which stands for Realise And Witness Talent -
Now he is attempting to prevent Morrison releasing the album on Monday through another label.
Also performing at the ceremony was veteran musician Jerry Lee Lewis who continued his reputation as a rowdy piano-pounder despite his 69 years, kicking over his stool and sitting on the piano during a rendition of Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On.
She also said that the woman supplied further evidence to prosecutors that she believed strengthened her allegations.
A decision on just how BMW will manage its entry into the new market is due in the first half of 2005.
By buying into Yugansk, ONGC would be able to reduce its dependence on Gulf states for oil imports, Mr Westwood explained, especially as the chances of finding and exploiting resources within India are slim.
Observers said that the move may represent a shift in policy, as the administration of Vladimir Putin puts the protection of national interests above free market dynamics.
The interviews took place between 15 November 2004 and 5 January 2005.
Euronext - formed after the Brussels, Paris and Amsterdam exchanges merged - is reportedly working with three investment banks on a possible offer.
Analysts estimate that a stand-alone AEFA could have a market value of $10bn (£5.3bn).
Thank you for taking a chance and thank you for waiting 15 years to get me to do it."
These orders should help underpin the company's profits.
"It's not about the zeitgeist.
R&B star Keys won four awards herself at the Grammy ceremony in Los Angeles.
House prices were 11.8% higher on the year in the last quarter of 2004, down from 16.3% in the July-to-September quarter, the Land Registry said.
The themes to be stressed by Mr Blair - whose attendance was announced at the last minute - are those he wants to dominate the UK's chairmanship of the G8 group of industrialised states.
Paver is currently writing the second book in the series.
But media watchdog Ofcom has said the the commercially funded public service broadcaster will not be privatised.
Yukos' owner Menatep Group says it will ask Rosneft to repay a loan that Yugansk had secured on its assets.
When she was eight, her mother took a decision which changed her life.
Chinese online game operator Shanda Interactive Entertainment has bought a 20% stake in Sina, the country's biggest internet portal firm.
He was nominated to leave the Channel 4 show by fellow housemates, alongside Happy Mondays dancer Bez.
Jarvis said the sale, which raked in more than the £100
South Korea's top car maker estimates that the Indian market will grow 15% this year, to 920,000 vehicles, reaching 1.6 million vehicles by 2010.
A great deal of credible evidence proves the Biblical version of Jesus' life was true, according to the Bishop.
Mr Valentine, who was born in the United States but grew up in Argentina, was fortunate:
"The excitement is a live performance as a musician," he says.
Cairn made the discovery after having been granted an extension to their drilling licence in January by Indian authorities.
Three senior executives of Ireland's state-owned airline, Aer Lingus, are set to leave early on 28 January after accusations of a conflict of interest.
Would have loved to see Dungeons & Dragons made, but unfortunately the film that it was made into didn't come up to scratch.
" But some analysts believe that the Kok report doesn't come up with the sort of innovative policies and thinking needed to make the Lisbon targets a reality.
A US report issued on Tuesday on behalf of a Congressionally-mandated panel said almost 1.5 million posts disappeared between 1989 and 2003.
The band has sold about two million records worldwide.
"I'm just a girl from a trailer park who had a dream."
- thought likely to be Korea Exchange Bank, also currently in the hands of a US group.
Scrubs star Zach Braff won the award for best first feature for Garden State, which he wrote, directed and starred in.
Never at number 27 and Jailhouse Rock at number 37.
President Putin also suggested that China's National Petroleum Corporation could play a role in the unit's future after signing a commercial agreement with Gazprom to work on joint energy projects.
In addition, the United States has two significant military missions.
Consumer spending has been picking up in recent years after slumping during 2001 and 2002 as the country battled to recover from its first recession of the decade and the World Trade Centre attacks.
Demonstrators took to the streets last week when the cost change was first announced, but police seemed to have restored order.
Gazprom is one of the key players in the complex Russian energy market, where the government of Vladimir Putin has made moves to regain state influence over the sector.
But such success is down to more than music.
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index may be benefiting in part from the potential for its listed property companies to gain from rebuilding contracts in the tsunami-affected regions of South East Asia.
Air China plans to raise $1bn (£514m) from the flotation.
The cut-off date for swapping tickets is 1 April, when those remaining will go on sale to the public.
Reggae did not correspond with disco in the 70s.
Ten-year-old Dakota Fanning will play Fern, the girl at the centre of the story, in the film to be directed by 13 Going on 30 film-maker Gary Winick.
"Bloom recognizes the darker aspects of Andersen's authorship," Prince Frederik said.
I very much doubt that 'Angels' was even the best song of the week that it came out.
Women now make up more than half of all graduates from Saudi universities but only 5% of the workforce.
He expects his five-year term in office to be judged on Europe's success in meeting the Lisbon agenda.
However Nasdaq, an icon of the 1990s technology boom, recently poured cold water on those suggestions.
The arrival of spring in the northern hemisphere will focus attention on stockpiles of US crude and gasoline, which are up to 9% higher than at this time last year.
But a venue spokesman said more than 5,500 tickets had been sold so far.
The trading scandal is the biggest to hit Singapore since the $1.2bn collapse of Barings Bank in 1995.
The award for best British urban act was voted for by viewers of MTV Base.
They built up their following on the summer festival circuit, opening both Glastonbury and T in the Park, and at a series of "guerilla gigs" at unusual venues including Half Time Orange, a pub next to Leicester City football club's headquarters.
They are taken in by their wicked uncle Count Olaf, played by Carrey, who schemes to get his hands on their fortune.
"What is true is that we are still discussing...
Last year's ceremony attracted the highest audience in four years as viewers tuned in to see Lord of the Ring: Return of the King sweep the board.
Cosby's lawyer, Walter M Phillips Jr, said the comedian was pleased with the decision.
"The special was thoroughly vetted by our standards and practices department to ensure that it was appropriate for broadcast," said a Fox spokesman.
Anshuman Magazine, managing director, of CB Richard Ellis - an international real estate company - told the BBC this was "a big positive step."
Following complaints, the Advertising Standards Authority contacted Five to cease promotion of
Kapranos and his Glasgow four-piece band have been nominated for five prizes at next week's Brit Awards, including best group and best album.
Walter Salles critically acclaimed The Motorcycle Diaries and the forthcoming thriller The Woodsman, starring Kevin Bacon, received three nominations each.
The move by Johnson & Johnson has been widely expected and the firm will pay $76 for each Guidant share, 6% more than Wednesday's closing price.
British director Sean McAllister's The Liberace of Baghdad - about a pianist in war-torn Iraq - won a special prize in the world documentary category.
Both sides hope to reach a negotiated deal over state aid received by European aircraft maker Airbus and its US rival Boeing, Mr Mandelson said.
The Nasdaq is made up shares in technology firms and other companies with high growth potential.
Another Hollywood star is being lined up to co-star, while the rest of the cast will be Indian.
A replacement guitarist has yet to be named by Korn, who are currently at work on their eighth studio album.
At the St Enoch's Shopping Centre in Glasgow, more than 140,000 shoppers - an all-time record - were expected to have passed through the doors by its closing time of 1900 GMT.
The TV host said he understood how people could have thought the musical had gone too far.
I'm not really comfortable with the word urban.
"It is too dependant on the rest of the world."
It's only because the people who were children when these programmes were first shown have grown up and are plundering their childhoods, isn't it?
"It came at the worst possible time," said Hans Goetti, a Singapore-based fund manager.
The ONS is due to publish its second estimate of third quarter growth on Friday.
They have risen to the head of the UK's art rock ranks with an album of songs that are catchy, creative and original enough to sound fresh.
"We are honoured to have won the live and exclusive broadcasting rights for The Academy Awards," said Sky Networks' Sophie Turner Laing.
The film is also in the running for best original screenplay.
It's got nothing to do with what's really going on.
As the world moves on people tend to look more and more into the past to things that make them feel safe.
"We are deeply concerned that the New Year will spell misery for huge numbers of garment workers.
It is expecting annual sales growth of between 1% and 3% for the month.
From Monday, all prices and contracts will have to be quoted in the ariary, which was trading at 1,893 to the US dollar.
Hip-hop performer Akon's Locked Up is at number five, while hotly-tipped Leeds band Kaiser Chiefs have their second chart hit at number six with Oh My God.
The book, which has become an international best-seller in little over two years, is set to be made into a film starring Tom Hanks.
Analysts say improving India's infrastructure will boost foreign investment in other sectors too.
creatives are facing more challenges and more opportunities from technological change.
People take these awards too seriously!
A three-day Elvis convention took place in Blackpool, England, over the weekend with the aim of finding the best European Elvis impersonator.
These tough measures have borne fruit.
Johnny Depp, whose latest role was Peter Pan creator JM Barrie in Finding Neverland, is celebrated as one of Hollywood's most maverick talents.
Danish brewer Carlsberg suffered a 3% fall in profits due to waning demand and increased marketing costs.
jazz composers John Coltrane and Theolonius Monk.
"Work is going on across the music business right now to make sure the new chart works to plan," he said.
Legal experts said Rosneft's purchase of Yugansk would include such obligations.
The Beckhams - who qualify thanks to Victoria's former singing career - are in second place with £75 million between them - up £10m on last year.
This represented a 4.5% gain for the proportion of Japanese films in 2004 compared to 2003.
Shares in Irish oil company Petrel Resources have lost more than 50% of their value on a report that the firm has failed to win a contract in Iraq.
However, many of Cuban's poorest citizens could be worse off as a result.
Rounding out the top five was animated fable The Polar Express, starring Tom Hanks, and festive comedy Christmas with the Kranks.
Altogether, card scams on UK-issued cards totalled £402.4m in 2003.
Hollywood star Tom Hanks was in London's Leicester Square for the UK premiere of Polar Express.
The company has paid out about 300 million euros (£281m; $400m) to cover damage caused recently by four major hurricanes in the US.
The Mexican film-maker, who directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, will produce mainstream movies and smaller Spanish-language films.
In after-hours trading the shares did not move.
Fearing that she had flat feet and weak legs, she arranged for her to have ballet lessons.
Meanwhile, drugs group Eli Lilly is planning a campaign against "false" claims about its product Prozac.
Michael said that the film, directed by Southan Morris, would put his two decades of fame into context.
Despite the bribe, the official did not authorise the waiving of the environmental study requirement.
The Academy was set up in 1927 as a non-profit organisation with 36 members from different film disciplines.
: "The final tune of his final album was Redemption Song - one of the most incredible classics of all time."
The think tank's proposals were made in response to the recent publication of the Pensions Commission's initial report into UK retirement savings.
Veteran comedian and broadcaster Cyril Fletcher has died aged 91 at his home in Guernsey.
Virginia Madsen was also named best supporting actress for her performance in the film.
The winner will work in partnership with the Iraqi Telecommunications and Post Company (ITPC).
Director Anurag Kashyap said the film's release should not be delayed as the book has already been on sale for two years.
He resigned in November to fight the illness.
The show's highest audience came at Christmas 1986, when more than 30 million tuned in to see Den, played by Leslie Grantham, hand divorce papers to wife Angie.
Dance teacher Eve Trew, who has taught ballet for over 48 years, told BBC News she had seen a "vast" change over the years.
Oprah Winfrey will voice a goose, John Cleese will voice a sheep and Steve Buscemi a rat in the 2006 film.
And frankly, we could use the money," Mr Nogar's son Stephen, 57, said before the auction.
A spokesman for the firm refused to comment on the reports, but said any results from the demerger study were likely to be set out when it unveiled its results on Friday.
The government may now find it more difficult to raise taxes, a policy it will have to implement when the economy picks up to help deal with Japan's massive public debt.
Strong Medicine, Hailey's blockbuster focusing on the pharmaceutical industry, was turned into a film in 1986, starring Sam Neill, Douglas Fairbanks Jr and a panoply of former soap stars.
His British-born wife, Joan, suggested he had nothing to lose and, for his swansong, should write the kind of characters he really wanted to create.
And, according to Tass news agency, Gazprom did not make a single bid, leaving the way open for Baikal, which paid above the auction start price of 246.75bn roubles.
He said: "I am gratified by the judge's decision although, since I am deeply fond of Marvel and the people there, I sincerely regret that the situation had to come to this."
"Our financial performance was strong, meeting or exceeding all of our full-year objectives and greatly enhancing our flexibility," chairman and chief executive Richard Parsons said.
But its film division saw profits slump 27% to $284m, helped by box-office flops Alexander and Catwoman, a sharp contrast to year-earlier, when the third and final film in the Lord of the Rings trilogy boosted results.
It just goes to show that the british public do not have a clue about good quality music when they pick Robbie Williams over the beautifully talented Kate Bush and Joy Division.
In a statement, ATR has said deliveries of the aircraft will begin in 2005 and will continue over a five-year period.
He was found dead in the bath of his Paris apartment and died from heart problems, aggravated by alcohol.
Slater won rave reviews for his recent performance in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest in London's West End.
On Thursday there was more gloomy news on the manufacturing front, as the Office for National (ONS) statistics revealed British manufacturing output unexpectedly fell in November - for the fifth month in the past six.
Gross domestic product (GDP) rose by 0.8% in the fourth quarter compared with the previous three month period, the statistical office INSEE said.
He also has substantial stakes in Fairmont Hotels & Resorts, which will manage the Savoy and Simpson's in the Strand, and Four Seasons.
The superhero film was named best animated feature while Brad Bird won best director, writer and voice actor for his role as designer Edna Mode.
In its heyday, Marvel was selling 50 million copies a year.
But it emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy in March 2003 to face competition from low-cost carriers and higher fuel costs.
"International trade must not be governed by a 'race to the bottom' that pitches one set of poor people against another," Mr Pendleton added.
Other films at the festival in the Belgium capital, which runs from 11-26 March, include the US horror hit Boogeyman and the forthcoming sequel Ring 2, as well as a selection of films adapted from the works of Jules Verne.
TOTP2, mixing new music with footage of classic bands.
A pair of trainers containing human bones washed up on the banks of the River Severn have no link to Edwards, police say.
Soon after, nerdy Peter Parker was transformed - after a bite from an irradiated spider - into someone who could crawl up the sides of New York's skyscrapers.
First, however, he is scheduled to direct the season finale of US television series CSI:
You may require an additional wireless access point in the renovated area.
"Money has moved out from India in the first two or three weeks of January into other markets like Korea and Thailand and this upgrade should lead to a reversal.
Child labour laws also mean the young actors can only work for a limited period each week.
The bill, proposed in 1993, has finally been approved by the leadership of President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva.
The most endangered are those who live in the least-developed countries.
A £1.3bn offer from Deutsche Boerse has already been rejected, while Euronext has said it will make an all cash bid.
The dollar was trading at $1.2944 against the euro at 2100GMT, still close to the $1.3006 record level set on 10 November.
CSI's co-producer, Carol Mendelsohn, said the episode would have "more bugs and blood" than usual.
Previously foreign investors had to develop a much larger area, discouraging some from entering the Indian market.
His career breakthrough came in 1982 when he won first prize at the Gino Marinuzzi conducting competition in Italy.
But calls for a shift in Beijing's policy have fallen on deaf ears, despite recent comments in a major Chinese newspaper that the "time is ripe" for a loosening of the peg.
The Inter-American Development Bank estimates that remittances to Latin America and the Caribbean
The movie version of Dan Brown's best-selling novel is being directed by Ron Howard and also stars Tom Hanks.
"I am determined to improve our development and regulatory performance, restore confidence in the company and value to shareholders," said chief executive Tom McKillop.
The Telegraph Group says the cuts are needed to fund an £150m investment in new printing facilities.
The result could be higher interest rates.
Group Menatep, the Gibraltar-based holding company which controls 51% of Yukos, says this was illegal.
Menatep, Yukos main shareholders' group, has also threatened legal action.
Speculation is mounting that the Germans may raise their bid to £1.5bn.
According to a survey by Goldman Sachs & Co, Harris Interactive and Neilsen/
A month later at the V Festival, Prodigy will play at Weston Park on Saturday 20 August and Hylands Park on Sunday 21 August and the Chemical Brothers vice versa.
The suppliers in question are said to have inflated the amount of money they paid, providing auditors with signed letters that allowed Ahold to inflate its earnings.
The trend has taken hold relatively quickly.
In spite of the allegations against him, Mr Botin continues to lead Santander, and was instrumental in the £8.5bn takeover last November of the British bank Abbey National.
"We have to get that under control," said vice-chairman Vivek Paul.
Proceeds from the sales of the Band Aid 20 single will go towards aid relief in Africa, in countries such as Ethiopia and Sudan.
The book has already won the Orange Prize for fiction, and is now 5/4 favourite for the £
More than 800,000 applicants got 9 shares each for 205 riyals apiece.
Keys said she was "very excited", describing Charles as "an artist I admire, miss and respect".
The ruling also means he is entitled to a slice of profits from DVD sales and certain merchandise.
On top of that, 89,000 tonnes of fortified blended food and vegetable oil for "targeted supplementary food distributions for a survival programme for children under five and pregnant and lactating women" will be needed.
New Bruce Willis movie Hostage opened at number four with $9.8m (£5.1m).
The ECB's mandate is to fight rising prices by boosting interest rates - and that could further threaten Germany's hopes of recovery.
Spending is forecast to grow by 3.5% to $2.57 trillion.
R&B stands for Rhythm And Blues, remember!
"I'd love to get a chance to play him some time."
but the song isn't that good!
Comair "deeply regrets the inconvenience to all of our customers caused by the severe winter storm in the Ohio River Valley during the busy holiday season, exacerbated by problems with the airline's crew scheduling system, causing additional flight delays and cancellations," the Delta subsidiary said in a statement.
Chief executive Bill Gammell added: "The more we progress in Rajasthan the better we feel about it."
"The board continues to believe that Mr Glazer's business plan assumptions are aggressive," the statement said, "and the direct and indirect financial strain on the business could be damaging.
Analysts warned that it was still too early to draw too many conclusions from this new set of proposals.
Jonathan Ross, for one, will be very happy if Winslet wins for Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
In 2002, the KSE was the world's best performing stock market, with the index rising 112%.
China already has more than enough cigarette-making capacity, according to a spokesman for the tobacco industry regulator quoted in China Daily.
Odds on Kenzie's victory have been slashed from 4/6 to 1/2, although bookmakers have said they are not ruling out a late rally from former Happy Mondays star Bez.
Its share of the audience soared by 20% in January 2005 compared with last year, and currently stands at an average of 28.6%.
If they can fund football, why not fund music?
U2, Usher, Norah Jones and Kanye West got three each.
Low-cost airlines have criticised the new compensation levels, arguing that the pay-out could be worth more than the ticket.
Its profits were buoyed by one-off gains which offset a profit dip at Warner Bros, and less users for AOL.
Some observers see this as another step closer to a full public listing.
In the final quarter of 2004, businesses increased spending on capital equipment and software by 18%, up from 17.5% in the third quarter.
He concluded: "We define ourselves as a nation by the way we encourage our creativity."
The Court is expected to reach a verdict in the case in the autumn.
The dollar has hit its highest level against the euro in almost three months after the Federal Reserve head said the US trade deficit is set to stabilise.
Meanwhile, Tim Osborne, head of Yukos main shareholders' group Menatep, said that Yukos may have to declare itself bankrupt, and that legal action would be taken, outside Russia, against the auction winners.
"If Paul Giamatti was nominated for Sideways it would be a different game," says Total Film's Jamie Graham. "
"Everyone needs to keep in mind the enormous cost on the part of both creditors and the Argentine society and people that will have been endured by the time a settlement is reached," he said.
The killing, and Fortuyn's death in 2002, convulsed the Netherlands.
The band once fronted by Ozzy Osbourne led a poll of Kerrang!
Privately-held Falic Group bought two cosmetics brands, Hard Candy and Urban Decay, from LVMH in early 2003.
Video games are "big business", the paper quoted Mr Chernin as saying.
UK team and all the viewers that have watched, supported the show and let me gate crash their Saturday morning.
Several jurisdictions, notably the state of California, mandate low emissions for new cars.
Mr D'Souza, who is also the vice-president of the Catholics' national body, has accused the director of the film of portraying a priest in bad light for commercial gains.
Its beer sales have been affected by the sluggish European economy and by the banning of smoking in pubs in several European countries.
Miss Kidman says she's willing to put up with some of it, but it's gone beyond that," she said.
Welch added that he would appear at a church in Bakersfield to explain how he "got to this place in life".
But his lawyer said the money could not be raised on time.
They may have lost some of the edginess and raw, youthful force that propelled them to the top, but they have lost none of the desire or ability to craft songs and albums.
China raised rates by 0.27 percentage points to 5.8% - its first hike in nine years - in October 2004.
But Spider-Man 2 breaks that rule in two.
Twenty-seven British films were made in the UK last year following a drop in funding, compared with 45 in 2003, according to the trade weekly.
"For some reason, especially now I've got a reputation for it, the atmosphere and the joie de vivre that's already going on
European Union finance ministers meet on Thursday to discuss proposals, including a tax on jet fuel, to boost development aid for poorer nations.
Prince Alwaleed's hotel investments include the luxury George V in Paris.
: "Bob was endlessly optimistic about the way Africa would turn out.
Elliott Wilson, editor-in-chief of hip-hop magazine XXL, said the feud would boost publicity for 50 Cent's release.
And The City drew to a close in the US in February.
that chip and pin would "reduce card fraud in the card-present environment". "
The share offer was eleven times oversubscribed.
The latest delegation from the CBI met SEC officials on Wednesday, just before the decision to relax the deadline was announced.
If labels were more willing to put money forward towards smaller breakthrough acts then the government wouldn't have to fork out a great deal.
Last week, MCI agreed to a buyout by Verizon Communications in a deal valued at $6.75bn.
Organisers hope to raise at least £250,000 from the show.
Three years ago, he was invited to perform at the first Super Bowl after the September 11 attacks and performed his specially-written song Freedom.
This is consistent with our own thinking," said Mr Rubinsohn.
The ruling meant the movie - which was filmed in France and used French actors and technicians - was not eligible to compete for French prizes.
US box office total, earning more than $40m (£22m) on the first day of the DVD's release alone.
Analysts said that consolidation in Japan's financial sector was likely to continue and that it was likely to have a positive impact on earnings.
She said the people that had bought the famous name postcards had arrived early and had spent time studying each work.
They offered me their next-best thing, not realising that Vanity Fair had actually been one of my favourite novels since I was 16 years old in an Irish Catholic boarding school in India."
Restrictions were imposed ahead of its flotation in August, to prevent shares being dumped quickly onto the market.
- The Bangkok International Film Festival got under way on Thursday in the Thai capital in the shadow of the country's 5,300 deaths from the tsunami.
"This film was a labour of love for me, and I want to thank everyone involved in bringing it to you, from the cast, to the film director, to the crew.
Despite the Republicans holding a majority in both houses of Congress, the proposals will be fiercely contested over the next few months.
A host of stars are expected to grace the red carpet outside Los Angeles' Kodak Theatre, including Johnny Depp, Cate Blanchett and Leonardo DiCaprio.
A man in his 30s was later taken to University College Hospital, London, with facial injuries, before being discharged.
However, airlines do not have to offer compensation if flights are cancelled or delayed due to "extraordinary circumstances".
Although she grossed more than Prince last year, Madonna remained in second place because of the "monumental" production costs of her tour.
Digital multi-channel TV is continuing to be the strongest area of growth, with the BBC reporting Freeview box ownership of five million, including one million sales in the last portion of 2004.
The comments came as it reported a 6% rise in profits to £280.2m ($532m).
US hip-hop duo OutKast have capped a year of award glory with three prizes at the MTV Europe Music Awards in Rome.
Jeunet was also responsible for directing Tautou in Amelie in 2001, which launched the actress into the mainstream.
Matthew Perry, who played Chandler, has appeared on the West End stage, and has a film, The Beginning Of Wisdom, currently in production.
- Outstanding achievement in opera - Thomas Ades and the Royal Opera House for the world premiere of The Tempest
The study, which claims to be the most in-depth so far conducted, found 60% of women in the film industry hold degrees, compared with 39% of men.
The shares closed down 247p, or 18%, at 1115 pence.
The real question is would Joss Stone would have been that successful doing the music she was doing if she were black?
Morris will direct and co-write Nathan Barley - a character from cult website TV Go Home - for Channel 4.
Evans has taken out the stall with business partner Pete Winterbottom.
he was "always the talented man of the band".
MCI exited bankruptcy in April, having gone bust under previous name WorldCom.
In 2001 though, he started a new company entitled POW!
Its profitability has been hit by a fall in mortgage lending in the United States - the bank's largest single market - following recent interest rate rises.
Dr Reddy's has built its reputation on producing generic versions of big-name pharmaceutical products.
Policy makers in Europe have called the dollar's slide "brutal" and have blamed the strength of the euro for dampening economic growth.
Christian Aid has called on British firms not to simply "cut and run" but look after their workers, in a new report called Rags To Riches To Rags.
Demonstrators in a number of regions blocked roads, attacked public buildings and overturned vehicles, newspapers including El Watan reported.
Consumer demand will remain fragile in many of Europe's largest countries and economies will be mostly driven by growth in exports.
China has 350 million smokers who consumer 1.7 trillion cigarettes a year.
Cairn's shares closed up 64 pence, or 6%, at 1130p on Thursday.
The Pixies will headline the first day of Reading, while Foo Fighters will play on Sunday and Iron Maiden will close the event.
Both the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML) and Building Society Association (BSA) said lending was down sharply.
Still, at least it wasn't Will Young...
It denies having any role, but offices have had to close across the region.
The 18th Century painting has remained in storage but the owner has agreed to allow it to be part of an exhibition.
The unemployment rate stayed at 5.4% in December, and about 200,000 jobs will need to be created each month if that figure is to drop.
Presley's daughter Lisa Marie retains possession of Graceland and many of her father's "personal effects".
"As a result, we are ready to put these matters behind us and move ahead in 2005 to restore the trust our clients have placed in us and to rebuild shareholder value," Mr Cherkasky said.
On Thursday, a US court said it will hear arguments for Yukos' bankruptcy claim to be thrown out on 16 February.
The advance, the second-fastest in Asia after China, was led by growth of 13.1% in the key manufacturing sector.
It's A Wonderful Life.
Other than its warning on possible tax hikes, the NIESR report was optimistic about the state of the UK and global economy.
"I pay for most things with my debit card, with occasional purchases on one of my credit cards," said Mrs Carroll, who teaches at Peel Common Infants School in Gosport.
A Wonderful Life is to be turned into a musical by the producer of the controversial hit show Jerry Springer - The Opera.
A subsequent New South Wales state inquiry criticised Hardie's actions.
Yugansk was auctioned to help pay off $27.5bn (£14.5bn) in unpaid taxes.
"It's almost as much for me as for my fans, in terms of trying to make sense of the last 22 years and bring it to a close in a proper way," he said.
Concerns over rising oil prices and the outlook for the dollar pushed down US stock markets on Tuesday; the Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.6%, while the Nasdaq lost 1.3%.
Supporters' group Shareholders United, however, urged the club to reject the new deal.
"It's a very busy evening, it takes a certain amount of preparation of music, orchestrating, sketching rehearsing, before the show.
The Aviator, a film biography of Howard Hughes that leads the Oscar field with 11 nominations, was at number six for the weekend with $7.5m (£4m).
More recently he was seen in Something's Gotta Give alongside Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton.
New figures have to be decided before new legislation can be put before President Bush.
Viotti's debut at the New York's Metropolitan Opera came in 2000 with Giacomo Puccini's Madame Butterfly, followed by La Boheme, La Traviata and Fromental Halevy's La Juive.
"Perhaps more importantly provide them with the opportunity to experience 'performance' themselves.
The fourth series has averaged 2.9 million viewers per episode - half the amount it got in its first series.
In November, Absa said it was close to striking a deal with Barclays.
The US stock market regulator is investigating troubled insurance broker Marsh & McLennan's shareholder transactions, the firm has said.
Last May, R&B star Usher scored a chart first, with three concurrent singles in the US Top 10, a feat which was previously matched only by The Bee Gees and The Beatles.
Financial analysts broadly welcomed the Fed's move and shares traded largely flat.
"These results reinforce our concern over the sector's persistent inability to sustain recovery.
The Indonesian Economics Minister explained that the money - $1.2bn in grants and $500m in soft loans - was for the rebuilding of Aceh province, which was badly hit by the tsunami of 26 December.
"That will be the official source.
but... this is not the end of the world.
Last week's number one album Tourist, by Athlete, fell to number three.
The number of people out of work in Europe's largest economy has risen for the tenth straight month as growth remains stubbornly slow.
As the Child Trust Fund will not be in force in time for Christmas, relatives could invest their gifts in a higher rate children's deposit account, and use this as a feeder fund.
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has called for radical reform of the EU's stability pact to grant countries more flexibility over their budget deficits.
In 2004, growth will be between 4.7% and 4.8%, the ministry said.
The government says many privatised firms were sold to allies of the last administration at rock-bottom prices.
Cook has achieved recent global success with his beach parties.
As soon as the tsunami hit we saw ...
At its peak, The Osbournes had a regular audience of eight million, with America's TV Guide magazine describing the series as "a cross between The Simpsons and This
So urban is a very broad brushstroke that is the umbrella over the top of sub-genres, and there are offshoots of all of those.
Asked whether she was nervous about her best actress nomination
"Some countries where it may appear that orders will dry up have seen orders surging and there are many companies who will continue with existing trading relationships."
Ray star Jamie Foxx is clear favourite in the best actor category while Million Dollar Baby's Hilary Swank is tipped to win the best actress prize.
"The administration is committed to a viable national airline that will serve as a major catalyst for our economy," said Finance Minister Omar Davies.
It's Christmas, which is said to be selling very well in Los Angeles and New York.
China's quick-growing economy's need for oil has contributed to record-high oil prices this year, along with political unrest in the Middle East and supply bottlenecks.
The China Three Gorges Project Corp could now face a fine up to 200,000 yuan ($24,000; £12,700).
Citadel said it did not yet know whether it would return to its network.
Despite denying for decades that smoking could be linked to illness, the companies have modified their stances in recent years.
Similarly, 48% were pessimistic about their national economy, while 41% were optimistic.
He has also asked for more investments to meet the growing demand for water.
Portishead will play alongside fellow Bristol band Massive Attack at Oxfam's Tsumani appeal, held at the Bristol Academy on 19 February.
Shares in steel firms have dropped worldwide amid concerns that higher iron ore costs will hit profit growth.
They were personalised with the names of purchasers, who were asked to bring identification, such as a driving licence, passport or household bill.
"We are struggling with the gap between companies like Electronic Arts (EA), which comes with a high price tag, and the next tier of companies," he explained during a conference in Phoenix, Arizona.
The programme is set to close 20% of the group's factories and shed 10% of the workforce.
It doesn't seem to have worked out quite as well as we had hoped."
A lawyer representing Mr Doherty and Mr Wass said outside court the pair strenuously denied the charges.
In the fourth quarter, the city state's gross domestic product (GDP) rose at an annual rate of 2.4%.
Shark Tale, whose voice cast includes Will Smith, Robert De Niro, Renee Zellweger and Martin Scorsese, sold more than 6 million DVDs and videos across the United States and Canada.
Within days, he was stripped of most of his responsibilities.
However, he will be Nissan's most senior Japan-based executive and will be in charge of the firm's global sales and marketing.
Companies reported they expect to invest 7.7% more in the year to March 2005 than the previous year - up from expectations of 6.1% increase in the September Tankan.
The biopic of Howard Hughes led the nominations with 11.
Combining SMFG, Japan's third-biggest lender, and Daiwa, the country's second-largest brokerage firm, would create a company with assets of more than $1,000bn (£537bn).
After the war, winners exchanged the plaster awards for the real thing.
Bening was the first choice to play the female lead in American Beauty, director Sam Mendes' film debut which was a critical and commercial success - but the actress had to be content with a Bafta award for her strong performance.
Customers who pre-order Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince avoid standing in long queues at bookshops on the day of the book's release next July.
Beastie Boys have won their long-running battle over the use of a sample in their song Pass the Mic.
"If you make a mistake on your form, you risk a five-year ban and thus the ability to further your career," says Mr McCune.
"It's a great strategic fit for both companies," he said.
It is predicting a 2% fall in overall prices in 2005 as the market stabilises after large gains in recent years.
The current maximum fine stands at $32,500 (£17,320) - 20 of the stations in the CBS network were each penalised these lesser amounts for the Jackson incident.
Since the 11 September 2001 attacks in the United States, BA has cut 13,000 jobs as part of a major cost-cutting drive.
The Dow Jones Industrial average closed down 0.89 points, or 0.01%, at 10,385.48.
"I'm not pleased," Jefferson Parish Sheriff Harry Lee said.
Yukos made its surprise Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing in Houston in December in an unsuccessful attempt to halt the auction of Yugansk, its main oil producing unit, by Russian authorities.
but it's not important anymore.
But the dollar's weakness has hit European and Asian exporters and lead to calls for US intervention to boost the currency.
Yet as competition intensified and the telecoms boom petered out, WorldCom found itself under growing financial stress.
Last year, Lufthansa showed signs of recovery even as some European and US airlines were teetering on the brink of bankruptcy.
" The main Oscar ceremony will be held in Los Angeles on 27 February.
Come on, this is surely a joke?
Unemployment levels, in percentage terms, are heading fast towards single digits.
In January 2004, Shell told shocked investors that its reserves were 20% smaller than previously thought.
Both company boards have backed the deal, but regulators will still need to give their approval.
Riggs spokesman Mark Hendrix said the settlement, details of which will be announced next week, was an opportunity to move on. "
Mr Gammell set up the company in the 1980s and has successfully switched its focus to South Asia from interests in the US and Europe.
The Beijing News said the company may instead choose to pay a fine.
He has also starred in a number of films, including Heathers, Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves and more recently Churchill:
Qwest, meanwhile, had to pay the Securities and Exchange Commission $250m in October to settle charges that it massaged earnings to keep Wall Street happy.
"Being asked to do the voice of The Guide is like having your birthday on Christmas Day, discovering a winning lottery ticket in your stocking and having chocolate poured all over you," said Fry, a self-confessed fan of the book.
The 22-year-old singer's family came to an undisclosed settlement over a negligence claim in 2003.
After the controversy last year - which saw CBS fined a record $550,000 (£292,000) by federal regulators - Super Bowl organisers had turned to producer Don Mischer to oversee this year's half-time show.
The ONS revised the annual 2004 rate of growth down from the 5.9% estimated in November to 3.2%.
Mr Sullivan "made accounting decisions," he told the federal court, saying his finance chief had "a keen command of the numbers".
House prices rose the slowest in Greater London, being up by 6%.
BLB's purchase of the US unit is subject to the agreement of a revenue-sharing deal being struck with Rhode Island authorities.
Analysts have questioned whether a US court has any jurisdiction over Russian companies, while Moscow officials have dismissed Yukos' legal wrangling as meaningless.
Other multiple nominees include Maroon5, OutKast, Kanye West, R Kelly, Gretchen Wilson, Hoobastank and Jay-Z. Soul singer Stevie Wonder will receive Billboard's Century Award, the magazine's highest honour for creative achievement, at the ceremony.
The European Union's top leaders, among them German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and European Commission President Manuel Barosso, will be here too.
- Best new opera - Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk at the Royal Opera House
The rapper's spokesperson said: "Snoop will have the opportunity to prove in a court of law that [the alleged victim] is opportunistic and deceitful.
"We were never temperamental, fractious or walked out slamming doors," he said.
Tragedy struck the production of The Return when one of the young stars, 15-year-old Vladimir Girin, drowned in a lake where some of the film's scenes were set.
Sri Lanka's government has estimated reconstruction costs at nearly $3bn.
Net income for 2004 was $3.5bn (£1.87bn) - up nearly $3bn from 2003 - while turnover rose $7.2bn to $170.8bn.
It knocked last week's number one, National Treasure, into third place.
He said WMC would pursue "value-creating options" provided by a portfolio of "world class assets".
Caroline Quentin (Life
Ahold has admitted that it fraudulently inflated promotional allowances at Foodservice, improperly consolidated joint ventures and also committed other accounting errors and irregularities.
but I could give the people of today an idea of what his music was like," he said.
Marsh did not say when the move would take place, but said it had signed a letter of intent.
That would have left the club with debt levels which were deemed "not... in the best interests of the company" by Manchester United's board when they rejected his approach last year.
The other major child parts will also be rotated between young actors.
Meanwhile, Ford which posted its ninth consecutive drop in monthly US sales, said it was cutting first-quarter North American production by another 10,000 vehicles, or 1.2%.
Fresh falls in the value of the dollar helped carry prices above the $50 mark for the first time since November.
However the channel's share of the audience fell from 11.2% to 9.6% last month in comparison with January 2004.
The Manic Street Preachers are to take over the helm of BBC digital radio station 6 Music for a week in December.
one way or the other," said Grant Wilson of Mellon Bank.
According to Bex, penned by My Family creator Fred Barron and the Two Ronnies return for a celebration of their classic comedy series.
The risk is that after they've invested massively in the brand, demand tapers off like it did with the new VW Beetle," said Brad Wernle, from Automotive News Europe.
It took the action to try to prevent the forced sale of Yugansk - first to a little-known shell company, which in turn was bought by Rosneft.
It was first recorded by her younger sister Anita Carter before Johnny went on to make such a success of it.
The government in Cairo now believes Mr Sharon is moving towards the centre and away from the positions of right wing groups.
but I don't recall the invitation to vote for this bland, slushy rubbish which might appeal to the masses who wouldn't know a good song if it jumped up and bit them on the nose but is certainly NOT the best song of the last 25 years.
"I think the role of musicians is to question politicians rather than to go to bed with them," he said.
Italy plans to raise as much as 25bn euros from privatisations in 2005, including a partial flotation of the post office and utility Enel.
Wentworth worked as an assistant to sculptor Henry Moore in the late 1960s.
Just 250 guests attended with ticket prices at $5.
The government figures are the first official confirmation of falls in the market at the end of 2004.
Some experts believe this could require borrowing of up to $4.5 trillion over a 20-year period.
"We're paying tribute to James Honeyman-Scott and Pete Farndon, without whom we would not have been here," she said, referring to the premature deaths of two of the band's guitarists from drug overdoses.
He was a successful stand-up before hosting the children's show Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids, and starring in The Cosby Show, one of the biggest sitcoms of the 1980s.
Jagran publishes India's top-selling daily newspaper, the Hindi-language Dainik Jagran, which has been in circulation for 62 years.
The firms took action after the death from a central nervous system disease and a suspected case of the condition.
Organisers were widely considered to be playing it safe this year by booking 62-year-old Sir Paul for his second Super Bowl show.
The Aviator, starring DiCaprio, leads the field with 14 nominations, including best movie.
Mr Barroso has said that the EU's competitiveness will be his top priority.
, it's just like God's doing that.
But in 2003 her employers told her she had no future after 17 years with the company, and she was made redundant.
It also has submitted a reorganisation plan as part of its Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing.
More than a dozen celebrities are scheduled to attend, among them Will Smith, Kevin Spacey and Keanu Reeves.
"It is hard to fathom that we will no longer be able to call on his wisdom, his humour, his loyalty and his moral strength to guide us in the choices that are yet to be made and the battles that are yet to be fought," said Belafonte, himself an ardent civil rights activist who had been friends with Davis for over 60 years.
Mr Brown said it was a major breakthrough for the international organisations to offer up to 100% multilateral debt relief - "the vast bulk" of money owed by the poorest countries.
He said he would retire after The Black Album, but has just released an album and been on an ill-fated tour with R Kelly.
She helped launch the Ballet Club at the Mercury Theatre (later the Ballet Rambert), the Vic Wells Ballet, and then, with Anton Dolin, the Markova-Dolin Ballet of 1935-37.
Will Smith co-stars alongside more CGI robots than you can count and as a thrill-a-minute kind of action film, it's perfectly adequate.
The move, a year after Citigroup beat Standard Chartered to buy Koram bank, would be the South Korean financial sector's biggest foreign takeover.
In Germany, industry is exporting more these days, but the economy as a whole is once again mired in slow growth and high unemployment.
Based on the Hellblazer comics, the film took $11.8m (£6.1m) on its second week of release.
In 2003 Xstrata acquired Australia's largest copper miner - MIM Holdings.
"Today our government is ineffective and state companies, as a result, are for the overwhelming part ineffective as well."
However, a report in the China-published Economic Observer said on Monday that the two banks may have scrapped plans to list in New York because of the cost of meeting regulatory requirements imposed since the Enron scandal.
He is nominated this year for best Latin pop album and best salsa/merengue album.
According to its estimate, as much as 13.6% of the loans made by private banks to clients in the disaster zone has been written off or damaged.
Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapakse laid the foundation stone on a new housing project intended to provide 6,000 homes for survivors of the tsunami.
However, the world auto market has its problems and analysts warn that overcapacity and the strength of the rand could hit exports.
The new government is encouraging companies to pay taxes by scrapping existing corruption investigations and destroying all tax records from before 1 January, three days before President Saakashvili was elected.
In the meantime, the debt keeps getting bigger, with Congress authorising an $800bn rise in what the US can owe - taking the total to $8.2 trillion.
When asked if BMW would be seeking compensation from Bosch, the carmaker's chief executive Helmut Panke said: "we will first solve the problem before talking about who will pay".
"Improving customer relationships, more competitive products and continued strong cost discipline position us well for 2005," chief executive Tom Glocer said, adding the company was beginning "to look beyond recovery to growth".
A senior Japanese Finance Ministry official told Reuters "we have no plans to change the composition of currency holdings in the foreign reserves, and we are not thinking about expanding our euro holdings".
The paper's reasoning is complex, and is based on a sophisticated model of the relationship between tax regimes and corporate governance - in particular, the propensity of management to steal from the company.
The track has become the fastest-selling single of the year so far, shifting more copies than the rest of the top 30 combined, HMV claimed.
"The results came in below our already conservative estimate for the quarter," said Ray Neidl, an analyst at Calyon Securities.
Huw Stephens is currently one half of the Radio 1
Lawyers for news organisations said it was "really vital" for the responses of 250 potential jurors to be made public "to serve as a check on the process".
Utility vehicle and tractor maker
The film recounts the life of blues singer Ray Charles, who died in 2004.
Because of defaults by plantation owners, Citizens and Canal ended up owning about 1,250 slaves.
Bipin Bihari, deputy police chief in Bombay, said Khan was being sent back to Norway, from which she holds a passport, on the first available flight.
The woman said she was assaulted after a recording of the Jimmy Kimmel Live TV show on the ABC network in 2003.
Foxx's portrayal of late soul-singer Ray Charles in Ray had already earned him a prestigious Golden Globe award.
The tobacco companies denied the charges, saying that they never illegally conspired to promote smoking and fool the public.
The Japanese government has forecast that the country's economic growth will slow to 1.6% in the next fiscal year starting in April 2005.
The Ambani family controls 48% of the group, which is worth $17bn (£9.1bn; 745bn Indian rupees).
"Basically I was invited here by Thailand.
The club appointed an auditor, who has recommended a number of steps, including deferring the rent due on the stadium and suspending debt repayments until at least the 2006-2007 fiscal year.
People don't feel like that's anything to do with us.
Speaking to the House Budget Committee he urged Congress to take action to cut the deficit, such as increasing taxes.
Doing so would remove the exposure to the weak US dollar, which is making Saabs more expensive to US consumers.
but you'll have a fun night with the film and all the extras.
The Oscars organisers have picked two of The Aviator's four producers to be nominated for best film.
Card-not-present fraud rose an annual 6% to £116.4m, making it the biggest category even then.
This weekend's top 12 films took an estimated $125.4m (£65.8m), a 4.3% increase on the same weekend last year.
I dont understand the point that Ty is making.
"We will submit a budget that fits the times," Mr Bush said.
The US budget deficit is set to hit a worse-than-expected $368bn (£197bn)
"The real big issue is what's going to happen over the next one or two quarters now that they are in bankruptcy and all their customers see this in their local newspapers," he said.
WHEN AND WHERE The tradition of holding the awards at a banquet continued until 1942 but with increasing interest came a growing guest list and it became impractical to host it as a dinner.
The decline in the US dollar to a five-week low against the euro has also served to inflate prices.
The two actors have repeated their success at the Golden Globes in January.
The premiere of Godzilla:
The deficit, partly the result of massive tax cuts early in Mr Bush's presidency, has been a key factor in pushing the US dollar lower.
The agreement cancels investigations into about 50 radio and television shows, said Richard Diamond, FCC deputy secretary of communications.
Without Charles, it is hard to imagine the tear-stained Atlantic R&B sound of Aretha Franklin, Otis Redding or Wilson Pickett.
Over recent years, marketing films to the members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has become a multi-million dollar industry.
Hollywood stars Kevin Spacey and Kate Bosworth attended the British premiere of new film, Beyond the Sea, in London's Leicester Square on Thursday.
And finally, you will save money and space by considering a multi-function product for print, scan, copy and fax.
While demand for workers is far from booming, the conditions are set for steady growth. "
In early trade on Thursday, its shares were down 10% at 119 pence.
However, the firm discontinued development of an experimental treatment for obesity, known as '771, after disappointing clinical trial results.
The Musicians' Union stance is being endorsed by the Music Managers' Forum (MMF), who say British artists face "an uphill struggle" to succeed in the US, thanks to the tough visa requirements, which are also seen as impractical.
But President Lula became a defender of the reforms, arguing that the country's bank lending margins were among the highest in the world and were damaging the economy.
Was Germaine Greer right
"We are investing in modernisation so employees will go down," Mr Mittal told the conference in Chicago.
"I will give up my role as soon as the board of directors asks me to do so," he said.
Fans around the world held tribute events for the singer on Saturday, ranging from concerts to memorabilia exhibitions.
"We reckon it's going to cost European air passengers - not the airlines, the airlines have no money, it has to be paid by passengers - 1.5bn euros, that's over £1bn a year loaded onto European passengers," Mr Clarke said.
unless voluntary steps were taken.
West's account of the accident sampled Chaka Khan's hit Through the Fire to become the heart of his completed solo album The College Dropout.
The output figures brought a cautiously optimistic response from economic officials.
Ann Kite told the court in the Californian town of Santa Maria she was hired to "crisis manage" the fallout after the programme had aired in 2003.
"I think many voices are being shut down or accused of being unpatriotic if they want to express another point of view.
"The suggestion from the money markets is that the next move is now more likely to be in an upward rather than a downward direction.
"Anyone who's ever written, produced or performed something soulful stands in the shadows of these giants," said Timberlake.
The fines came after a 15-month probe into allegations that the media giant misled investors after a costly acquisition programme went wrong.
Judges said the film tackled the contentious subject with "great insight and sensitivity".
"Our material was good-natured," he said.
Singer Courtney Love has been spared jail for assault and drug offences, but must serve three years probation.
Queen bassist John Deacon has currently retired from the stage.
"A lot of people want the club's interest to be with people who have grown up with the club and got its interests at heart," Rio Ferdinand told BBC Radio Five Live. "
Michael Sears admitted his guilt in breaking conflict of interest laws by recruiting Darleen Druyun while she still handled military contracts.
Unlike previous years, protests against the WEF are expected to be muted.
"They are a bit more aggressive than we had expected.
But it also stressed that it stayed opposed to Mr Glazer's proposal.
The WRAZ-TV Fox affiliate in North Carolina was the only one of 182 stations to refuse Monday's show.
In contrast, BBC's Christmas season includes terrestrial debuts of the first Harry Potter film, Shrek and Steven Spielberg's AI, as well as new epipsodes of the Vicar of Dibley and the final Auf Wiedersehen, Pet.
In September Spears married Kevin Federline, who had been a dancer on the aborted tour.
The payment is not related to the FCC's $550,000
In part, this is because of its scale, and because delivering aid and recovering the dead remain priorities.
Ms Druyun is currently serving a nine month sentence for favouring Boeing when awarding lucrative contracts.
He is working with Steve Brown, who wrote the award-winning musical Spend Spend Spend.
New Zealander Peter Jackson took 10 years to bring JRR Tolkien's fantasy trilogy to the big screen, winning Academy Awards for best film and best director for the final film
Venezuelan authorities have said they will seize land owned by a British company as part of President Chavez's agrarian reform programme.
that is, the music industry sector without any artistic merit or originality whatsoever and that which is specifically designed to line the pockets of music producers.
Other Christmas specials from Radio 2 include singer Jamelia hosting a Christmas Day concert from the London Community Gospel Choir, while actor Christopher Lee will read Fireside Tales from the likes of Edgar Allan Poe, E Nesbit and Ambrose Bierce.
"We wanted everything done properly."
However, when adding December and January's figures, the administration's first term jobs record ended in positive territory.
A literate and qualified Turkish population," insisted Mr Sener, "will make a positive impact on the EU."
The breast-baring incident generated 500,000 complaints and CBS - which is owned by the same parent company as MTV - was quick to apologise.
and sometimes I've said it and not meant it.
Wells Fargo had net income of $6.2bn in its last financial year, a 9% increase on the previous year, and revenues of $28.4bn.
Struggling Japanese car maker Mitsubishi Motors has struck a deal to supply French car maker Peugeot with 30,000 sports utility vehicles (SUV).
The six unedited reel-to-reel tapes - which were owned by the engineer who recorded them - are valued at up to $50,000 (£29,000).
He is now named in the best film category as well as being nominated for best director and best lead actor.
Look at it all, there's so much clutter.
Clive Owen is the brooding king, Keira Knightly rises above her costume and Ray Winstone gives it all some grit.
Three years after a gruelling economic crisis, Turkey has dressed its economy to impress.
Hendrix supporters hoped to turn the home into a museum for the guitarist. "
The series takes a "darkly comedic" look at the goings-on of a group of characters living in the suburbs.
The story unfolds through the eyes of a freelance photographer who unwittingly takes pictures revealing the involvement of Dutch authorities in Fortuyn's murder.
We want them back or damages paid."
In July 2004, Bat announced it had won approval for to build a $1.5bn (£800m) joint venture factory in China which would make it the first foreign cigarette maker to manufacture there.
But Ford declined to provide guidance for first quarter 2005.
You forgot to mention the grearest of them all, Danger Mouse!
Its index of national manufacturing activity rose to 58.6 last month from 57.8 in November.
Overall, DaimlerChrysler saw worldwide vehicle sales rise 8% to 4.7 million in 2004 while total revenues added 4% to 142bn euros.
Folks without collections; folks who have never engaged in that madness one experiences when falling under the spell of pop music.
The SEC also said it had brought fraud charges against two ex-senior executives of Columbia Distributor.
Tickets for the V festival go on sale on Friday 11 March.
He called them his ass-saver tapes," his son said.
It's very intense and very loud," he told the BBC.
A proposal was received by David Gill, United's chief executive, at the end of last week, pitched at about 300p a share.
The report calculated emergency food requirements for 2005 to be 387,500 tonnes.
Some of the criteria for admittance includes: film credits that reflect the high standards of the Academy, receipt of an Academy Award nomination, achievement of unique distinction, earning of special merit, or making an outstanding contribution to film.
The band's development ended tragically when songwriter Kurt Cobain committed suicide in April 1994.
Day-Lewis has competed four times at the Berlin Film Festival, with films In The Name Of The Father (1994), The Crucible (1997), The Boxer (1998) and Martin Scorsese's Gangs Of New York (2003).
New York Senator Charles Schumer said he was told by the Senate Rules Committee that the tapes were probably stolen from a commercial plane.
In London, Standard Chartered's sale of 118 million new shares to institutional investors pushed its share price down, and contributing to the FTSE 100's 0.3% decline.
Hilary Swank picked up her second best actress Oscar for playing a female boxer in Million Dollar Baby, beating stars including Annette Bening, Kate Winslet and Imelda Staunton.
PBS said it will use extra footage for its broadcast, showing the woman "from a more discreet angle" instead.
In his new job as Renault chief executive, Mr Ghosn will devote 40% of his time to Renault, 40% to Nissan and the rest to the group's activities in North America and other key markets.
Morrison is seen quizzing a college administrator on why he was refused. "
No end is in sight," said Carsten Fritsch, a strategist at Commerzbank .
The KSE index closed at 6709.93 - an overall gain of nearly 400 points in the first two trading days of the week.
Meanwhile, Joss Stone performed Right
"The slavery era was a tragic time in US history and in our company's history."
Deutsche Boerse bosses have held "constructive, professional and friendly" talks with the London Stock Exchange (LSE), its chief has said.
The SEC has already delayed implementation of this clause for smaller firms - including US ones - with market capitalisations below $700m (£374m).
The job gains mean that President Bush can celebrate - albeit by a very fine margin - a net growth in jobs in the US economy in his first term in office.
GE is the US' biggest firm based on stock market valuation.
Her comments raised concerns among a number of investors and Mr Yushchenko was seen on Monday as trying to soothe their frayed nerves.
Fosters bought 18.8% of Southcorp, the global winemaker behind the Penfolds, Lindemans and Rosemount brands, for 4.17 Australian dollars per share.
Doubts about the strength of the US recovery and overheating of the Chinese economy do however pose risks for 2005.
Euronext, so far, has given little away as to what sweeteners it will offer the LSE - Europe's biggest equity market - into a deal.
The unions claim Fiat is to close the Fiat Powertrain plant at Arese near Milan and instead source six-cylinder engines from General Motors.
"We believe the roaming market is competitive and we expect to resist the charges," said a Vodafone spokesman.
A host of Hollywood stars, including Cate Blanchett, Leonardo DiCaprio, Keanu Reeves and Richard Gere, are expected to attend Saturday's ceremony.
The US consumer's appetite for all things from oil to imported cars, and even wine and cheese, reached record levels last year and the figures are likely to spark fresh criticism of President Bush's economic policies.
Swank, who previously won the Golden Globe and Oscar for Boys Don't Cry, paid tribute to Million Dollar Baby director and co-star Clint Eastwood.
He said the issue is not globalisation
A slowdown in the housing market and this year's surge in oil prices has made economic forecasting all the more tricky, leading to a more uncertain outlook. "
Insurers are also struggling to assess the cost of the damage, but several big players believe the final bill is likely to be less than the $27bn cost of the hurricanes that battered the US earlier this year.
European stock market Euronext has met with the London Stock Exchange (LSE) amid speculation that it may be ready to launch a cash bid.
He was awarded the CBE for services to drama earlier this year.
Read said all the funds raised by the record would go to the DEC.
Russian authorities are due to auction off Yuganskneftegas on 19 December to pay a huge tax bill sent to Yukos.
I don't think he should be allowed these privileges, especially earning money, until his name is totally cleared," the group's president Beverly Siemssen said.
Pixies, Foo Fighters and Iron Maiden will headline this summer's Leeds and Reading festivals.
The company had bought the rights to explore in the area from oil giant Shell.
LG Group knows the impact on consumer demand and the national economy from a liquidation of LG Card," said Kim Yungmin, an equity strategist at Dongwon Investment Trust Management.
The pair have been together for more than two years. "
While she originally planned to get back to work pretty swiftly after giving birth it was actually two years before she released another single.
Blanchett also paid tribute to the film's director Martin Scorsese, telling him: "I hope my son will marry your daughter.
India's economy, however, is less likely to slow because the areas hit are some of the least developed.
Russian authorities do not have to abide by any US court decisions taken with regard to troubled oil giant Yukos, a Houston court has been told.
But much of the media focus will be on the political leaders coming to Davos, not least because the agenda of this year's forum seems to lack an overarching theme.
he said he suffered while making Tears of the Sun.
LG Card returned to profit in September but needed further capital to avoid being thrown off the market.
The Rebel Billionaire has marketed itself as a less materialistic version of The Apprentice, with Sir Richard shown jumping out of a taxi, while Trump is seen in a limousine.
It also said that in the event of going bust, it could offer the chance of restructuring.
The STMA is trying to restructure the domestic tobacco industry, closing some factories, though such moves can be unpopular with local governments.
Consumers remain cautious over buying big-ticket items like furniture, said BRC director general Kevin Hawkins.
But for the sake of transparency, we told our shareholders last week that if we look at the forecast for total costs of the project up to 2010, there is a risk that we will go over by around 10%, which is about 1bn euros (£686m; $1.32bn)," he told France's LCI Television.
Mr Glazer's financial backers, including JP Morgan, the US investment bank have said they won't back a bid unless it receives backing from the owners of at least 75% of the club's shares.
Brokers must give information on their commissions if, and only if, their customers request it, the FSA said.
His first film for Warner Brothers was 1995's family fantasy movie A Little Princess.
The company should now be able put this dispute behind it, with the departure of Mr Camus and with the clear support given to Mr Forgeard by the Lagardere group, the main French shareholder of EADS.
Oscar-winning animator Hayao Miyazaki's latest film, Howl's Moving Castle, is to be released in 50 countries around the world, its distributor has said.
The US dollar's slide against the euro and yen has halted after US Treasury Secretary John Snow said a strong dollar was "in America's interest".
He delivered the 14th Adam Smith Lecture in Kirkcaldy, Fife.
Mr Gammell is a former Scottish international rugby player.
"Three years ago, every sector [of the economy] was hit by the crisis," said entrepreneur Drayton Valentine.
The star of Rain Man and Tootsie said the film culture was "in the craphouse" at a press conference on Tuesday.
"I think a lot of bands should go through a wee bit of a kicking before the make a success," singer Gary Lightbody and drummer Jonny Quinn said.
Whereas the main driver of the economy in recent years has been robust household spending growth, this is likely to suffer as the housing market slowdown gathers pace."
Howl's Moving Castle set a Japanese box office record last week, taking 1.5bn yen (£7.7m) in its first two days.
According to the FT, the regulator has been annoyed by Rover's decision to talk publicly about the deal and the intense speculation which has ensued about what it will mean for Rover's future.
"At the end of the day we are dealing with compensation for people who are terminally ill.
A Series of Unfortunate Events also stars Scottish comedian Billy Connelly, while Carrey takes on a number of different roles in the surreal film.
"Where we can get the work done, good things are happening."
The Dow Jones index dropped almost 100 points on Tuesday, with the Nasdaq also falling as key tech stocks were hit by broker downgrades.
Europe's economic difficulties have been highlighted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, which argued in a report published on Tuesday that the continent could only achieve US living standards by freeing up its labour markets.
A number of large MCI shareholders expressed unhappiness at the decision, saying that Verizon's offer, made up of cash, shares and dividends, undervalued the company.
The spokesman did not say why the three had been detained by the police.
India is looking to develop its airline industry as booming economic growth drives demand for travel.
Five Bank of America subsidiaries have agreed to pay a total of $515m (£277m) to settle an investigation into fraudulent trading share practices.
The highest ranking executive pleading guilty on Tuesday was former Marsh senior vice president Joshua Bewlay.
These days, buyers will have to fork out almost £11,500 to own a new Mini One, or even more for the Cooper S which costs up to £17,730.
Heavy stockpiles could help force prices lower when demand eases.
Maruti is not the only company benefiting as Indian's economic growth gives consumer greater spending power.
But of course for most of the episodes the lift would be out of order and they would have to use the stairs.
The three boys playing Billy are James Lomas, 15, George Maguire, 14, and Liam Mower, 12.
Investors are concerned about the size of the US trade and budget deficits and are betting that George W Bush's administration will allow the dollar to weaken despite saying they favour a strong currency.
"During 2004 we profited from the fact that the world economy was strong," said Stefan Schilbe, analyst at HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt.
Crime Scene Investigation.
The sugar group had been absent from the FTSE 100 for seven years until Mr Ferguson helped it return to growth.
Soap operas Knots Landing, Falcon Crest plus The Bold
Traders said there was some panic selling during Friday's session, the first since a three-day market closure to mourn the death of Mr Hariri.
He suffers from a degenerative rheumatic disease which causes ligaments and tendons to attach to the bone.
Other countries believe their economies are strong enough to cope or wish to avoid being viewed as credit risks.
In September, the IMF had said that German growth for the current year would be 1.8%.
The fact that she's from Devon is the interesting thing because most of the music we cover is made in large cities and she's literally rural.
Other plans on the table include promoting new industries such as bio-technology and nano-technology, as well as offering increased support to small and medium sized businesses.
Manchester rock band Doves have entered the UK album chart at number one with their new release, Some Cities.
It took $40.8m (£21m) in weekend ticket sales, according to studio estimates.
Officers are also investigating a later shooting in which eight bullets were fired into the door of 50 Cent's management company, Violator.
A viewer poll saw director Zhang Yimou's martial arts epic
On occasion, the Supreme Court has ruled against the interests of the people he represents, he says, insisting that the system cannot be trusted.
Korn have enjoyed a moderate degree of chart success in the UK, with 10 singles breaking into the Top 40.
"I want to touch on all aspects of our culture, perhaps with readings from Genet, and I have an idea for Jeremy Irons to read Proust," she said.
Mr Khodorkovsky, currently facing fraud and tax evasion charges of his own, was one of the founders of Menatep.
While debt relief seems to have jumped to the top of the global agenda, not everyone is convinced that selling IMF gold is the best way forward.
- Expanded service tax net
Alva director Robin Broke said: "Visits from Western Europe were up by 10% and from North America by some 9% compared to 2003, while numbers from the rest of the world rose 20%.
Bids have been invited from local, Arab and foreign companies, Iraq's Ministry of Communications said.
Mr Calder is the man behind acts including Britney Spears.
Wal-Mart said it was investigating the claims but had no plans to pull the CD.
Ocean's Twelve took sixth place in the US chart with $5.4m (£2.8m), but it led the non-US chart at the weekend, according to Hollywood Reporter, with an estimated $17.7m (£9.4m) and total takings of $137m (£73m).
Glamour was also brought to the evening by actress Sienna Miller, supermodel Claudia Schiffer - who was supporting her director husband Matthew Vaughn - Troy actress Diane Kruger and star of the TV programme The OC, Micha Barton.
This CG-animated adventure airbrushes the sly charm and trippy otherworldliness which made the 60s stop-motion Roundabout a cult hit," writes Stella Papamichael on the BBC Movies site.
Grammy Award winners U2 will play Hampden on 21 June while Oasis will also perform at the national stadium in Glasgow on 29 June.
" Less impressed were fellow students Ryan Crabbe and Gordon Rennie, who observed, "With Fightstar, Charlie has clearly progressed from Busted's sound, but they're still not very inspiring.
US prosecutors have charged nine food suppliers with helping Dutch retailer Ahold inflate earnings by more than $800m (£428m).
She previously won in 1999 for her performance in Boys Don't Cry.
In 1985, a group of high-profile American stars known as USA For Africa came together to record their own fund-raising single, We Are The World.
Nonetheless, US crude is still 30% more expensive than at the beginning of 2004, boosted by growing demand and bottlenecks at refineries.
Geoffrey Rush wins a best actor nomination for his role as Peter Sellers in the recent biopic The Life & Death of Peter Sellers.
Mr. Benn with Rowan Atkinson as the lead.
Successive polls in the run-up to Tuesday's election had shown the two candidates running neck and neck.
However, it claimed that the court had backed its argument in four out of five key issues.
The soaring cost of oil has hit global economic growth, although world's major economies should weather the storm of price rises, according to the OECD.
The agenda was just too broad and as a result nothing was prioritised.
To be nominated for a film that was released a while ago, I feel so honoured and overwhelmed," she said.
The plain green Norway spruce is displayed in the gallery's foyer.
Channel Tunnel operator Eurotunnel has seen sales fall in the face of the upsurge in European low-cost airlines.
While worries still remain, the conditions are set for steady growth in 2005, analysts said.
Yukos says the sale was illegal and is pursuing damages in a US court.
Although inventories fell 0.7% month on month, they were 36% higher than a year ago.
"We knew what would upset the average man in the street.
Suddenly, when Raw T came into my life, I realised they are my third major band," he told BBC World Service's The Music Biz programme.
Mr Wilson, who has remained friends with Curtis's widow and daughter Natalie, who he says asked for his involvement to make the film "official".
In 1983 Mr Fischer became adviser on Israel's economy to then-US secretary of state George Shultz.
The move was aimed at helping South Asian governments find budgets to rebuild devastated coastal areas, though so far only Sri Lanka, Indonesia and the Seychelles have indicated that they will take it up.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) advisory panel will give its verdict after hearing evidence for three days.
The winner is due to be announced on Sunday night.
So far, however, neither have tabled a formal bid.
The cast of Kisna also includes British actors Michael Maloney, Caroline Langrishe and Polly Adams.
The president of one of Mumbai's main Catholic organisations, Dolphy D'Souza, says the portrayal of an ordained priest as a man of loose moral character has hurt the religious sentiments of India's Catholic community.
The shares will be denominated in Hong Kong dollars.
The band will also play 24 European gigs, finishing in Lisbon in August.
The report is the latest to call into question the viability of government spending projections.
WPP in recent years has also bought firms such as Ogilvy & Mather and Cordiant Communications.
The Sunday Telegraph said the LSE's plan was further evidence it wants to retain tight control over its destiny.
As well as replacing Schrader with Harlin - the director behind Die Hard 2 and Cliffhanger - the producers also changed most of the cast, but Swedish star Skarsgard stayed in the Merrin role.
Customers' accounts were being monitoring and account holders would be notified if any "unusual activity" was detected, bank officials said.
Children's author Judy Blume, who was given an honourary medal, used the ceremony to speak out over censorship.
A Financial Times report said business intelligence firm GPW was understood to be starting due diligence work on SSL International, for a corporate client.
Speaking at a BMW event ahead of the Geneva motor show, Helmut Panke predicted demand for such crossover vehicles would soar in Europe.
And The Beautiful all made the top 10 of Transatlantic TV howlers.
Unemployment levels are currently stuck at about 10%, and is proving difficult to bring down despite government efforts.
The firm had told the tribunal that Ms Villalba's division had been losing about $1m a week.
State-owned lenders may be even worse hit, it said.
The Spanish group has been keen to snap up more UK infrastructure assets, having bought Amey in 2003.
People such as Matisse and Stravinsky became like uncles to her, the latter put in charge of her musical education.
I'm almost ashamed to have participated in the things that went on over the last few weeks.
The Securities & Exchange Commission accused Fannie Mae of using techniques that "did not comply in material respects" with accounting standards.
Jackson, who is currently filming a remake of Hollywood classic King Kong, said he thought that the sale of MGM studios to the Sony Corporation would cast further uncertainty on the project.
Kate Winslet was also nominated in the best actress category for her role in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
The country has a population of more than a billion people and many observers feel that it is underserved by airlines.
It was named best film while Alexander Payne won best director and best screenplay, along with writing partner Jim Taylor.
We have a lot of winter left."
Total production costs were £1.30 per gigajoule, UK Coal said, but the average selling price was just £1.18 per gigajoule.
The corporate lexicon of homilies, generalities and soft assurances - fluff - is on its way out.
Several Opec members said a cut in production was unlikely, citing rising prices and strong demand for oil from Asia.
Sky first scooped Oscar rights from the BBC in 1999, but the BBC won them back in 2001 when Sky was forced to pull out of a bidding war due to financial constraints.
Figures show that currently only eight people per thousand are car owners.
and they needed the oil for their coastal refineries.
"Power needs in India are set to rise and NTPC will benefit from that.
A spokesman for DLF Builders, Dr Vancheshwar, told the BBC this will mean "better offerings" for consumers as well as builders.
We continue to make progress and great strides have already been made," said Mr Spindler.
Separately, the Bank of England said that consumer credit rose by £1.5bn in December, more than the £1.4bn expected and above the £1.4bn reported in the previous month.
The FAO has urged the World Trade Organisation to swiftly conclude negotiations to liberalise trade, easing developing countries' access to the world market.
Japan's economy grew by just 0.1% in the three months to September, according revised data issued this month.
Davis was also a prominent figure in the civil rights movement and was a voice for racial equality.
Gordon Brown will need to raise about $10bn a year in order to sustain the public finances in the short term, the firm claims.
Usher's work with rappers Ludacris & Lil Jon won him nominations for best R&B-soul or rap music video and best R&B-soul or rap dance
Paul Tucker - voted to raise rates to 5%.
I think I've been completely put off.
He is also one of the hosts of The Blue Room, an early morning weekend show that plays a mix of old and new electronic and dance music.
When the shooting took place outside the studio, the interview was ended and the rapper was escorted out of the building by security personnel.
Fighting between Mr Camus and Mr Forgeard has hit the headlines in France and analysts feared that this fighting could destabilise the defence and aerospace group.
Yukos claimed it sought help in the US because other forums - Russian courts and the European Court of Human Rights - were either unfriendly or offered less protection.
Economic growth is set to halve in Singapore this year to between 3% and 5%.
Nissan also announced a number of other management appointments with promotions for several younger executives.
The Brazilian government has played down claims that it could step in to save the country's biggest airline.
The 10th District Court, Moments of Trials made by Raymond Depardon.
We can't speculate but he was at the height of his powers and just 36 years old.
"It seems the key worry that has existed in the currency market still remains," said Anthony Crescenzi, a bond strategist at Miller Tabak in New York.
The film, in which a young man is forced to revisit a traumatic childhood experience, took £788,439 in its first three days on release.
A novel set in 19th century Paraguay has won
Despite the dip in profits, Heineken's sales have been improving and total revenue for the year was 10bn euros, up 8.1% from 9.26bn euros in 2003.
ONGC, which is majority-owned by the Indian state, already has bought petroleum assets in countries including Vietnam, Sudan and Russia.
Explaining why it has asked the WTO to set up a dispute settlement panel on customs barriers, the US Trade Representative's Office said that it wants to tackle the issue "early in the EU's process of dealing with the problems of enlargement".
This will boost the annual production capacity of the company - India's second-largest car manufacturer - to 400,000 units.
Rod Stewart also won the first Grammy of his career, getting the best traditional pop album award for Stardust...
In Between, Rory Stewart's account of his trek, on foot, across Afghanistan.
But the damage covers fishing, farming and businesses too, with hundreds of thousands of buildings and small boats destroyed by the waves.
Screaming built up into a crescendo as more and more big name stars appeared.
Ms Kite said she received a phone call on 13 February 2003 from a Jackson associate, Marc Schaffel, who said the boy and his family had left the Neverland ranch where they had been staying.
"We believe the merits of our case are strong and simple," said chief executive Steven Theede.
More than 16 million viewers watched his return in 2003.
The company said these actions should "significantly uplift earnings".
The Fed did not rule out raising rates once again in December but noted that any future increases would take place at a "measured" pace.
When the first plastic cards appeared in the UK in June 1966, issued by Barclaycard, but only a handful of retailers accepted them and very few customers held them. "
BMW has forecast sales growth of at least 10% in Asia this year after registering record sales there in 2004.
He served as a pilot with the Royal Air Force during World War II, flying fighter planes to the Middle East.
Vodafone had pinned its hopes on the launch of its 3G phones in November but demand for them has been slow.
Bad loan problems followed; LG Card, the country's biggest credit card provider, has been struggling to avoid bankruptcy for months, for instance.
Commentators believe Deutsche Boerse, which has now formally asked German authorities to approve its plan to buy the LSE, may offer to sell Clearstream to gain shareholder approval.
The Palace Theatre, which will be known as The Pavilion Repertory Theatre, was sold to an undisclosed bidder at auction 13 months ago for £340,000.
The ceremonies were then transferred to theatres with the famous Grauman's Chinese Theatre the first to host the expanded event.
Do They Know It's Christmas, featuring artists including Chris Martin and Jamelia, held off Kylie Minogue to remain the week's biggest single.
"We regret the ministry has taken such a decision," said Ivan Kulakov, deputy chairman of Highland Gold - a mining firm that has the motto "Bringing Russia's Gold to Market".
Bookmaker William Hill has stopped taking bets on who will be the next James Bond, following a succession of large wagers on actor Dougray Scott.
a lessening with bookings for Australia.
In fact, almost 30 wealthy nations spend more than $300bn (£158.8bn; 230.9bn euros) in agricultural subsidies.
The Tate Gallery unsuccessfully tried to buy the picture from its anonymous owner after a ban was issued preventing the painting from leaving the UK.
Chorton And The Wheelies or Jamie And His Magic Torch; that would be mega!
Donor nations have promised to give $717m (£379m) in disaster relief over the next six months, according to the United Nations.
The scheme has been set up to reward developing countries that embrace what the US considers to be good governance and sound policies.
Indie dance band Kasabian built up a cult following throughout 2004 to secure three Brit Award nominations.
It believes the prospectus for a bond issue was unclear and that executives may have had privileged information.
For every 50p vote cast by viewers by telephone or text during the programme's run, 9p will go to a tsunami charity appeal.
We're thrilled to have him back to direct the newest Bond.
Cobain committed suicide in 1994.
Sharp will inherit staff, manufacturing facilities and intellectual property from Fujitsu.
"We're working on ways to encourage both adults and children to eat wisely by selecting more nutritionally balanced diets," said Lance Friedmann, Kraft senior vice president.
China has been a net importer of oil since the mid 1990's with more than a third of the oil and gas it consumes coming from abroad.
"If you file a $1.3 trillion case against Saudi money after 9/11, Arab money will not go to the US any more.
A German movie about an anti-Nazi resistance heroine has drawn loud applause at Berlin Film Festival.
Mr Jackson, 46, denies plying a boy with alcohol and molesting him.
Shares of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (SMFG), and Daiwa Securities jumped amid speculation that two of Japan's biggest financial companies will merge.
Should that happen, Yukos will have little chance of clawing back its assets, analysts said.
The European Central Bank has left its key interest rate unchanged at 2% for the 19th month in succession.
In 1969, he moved to Nassau in the Bahamas, with his wife Sheila.
Despite the rejection of the Deutsche Boerse bid last week, Werner Seifert, chief executive of the Frankfurt-based exchange, may well come back with an improved offer.
The chase and most of the stunts will be on the train," said Mr Singh.
Sideway's Alexander Payne, Ray's Taylor Hackford and British director Mike Leigh - nominated for period drama Vera Drake - are considered outsiders in this category.
[The unemployment figures] show the main problem of the French economy: we have growth but without an improvement in employment," said Marc Touati, an economist at Natexis Banques Populaires.
Christians make up about two per cent of India's population of more than a billion people.
Sean Penn, Charlize Theron, Tim Robbins and Renee Zellweger all won acting awards - mirroring the eventual Oscars outcome.
The price of crude is still up about 30% on the start of 2004, but has fallen from the record of $55.67 set in late October.
Shares in train and plane-making giant Bombardier have fallen to a 10-year low following the departure of its chief executive and two members of the board.
West led the race going into the ceremony with 10 nominations.
"The current situation is preventing British acts from maintaining momentum and developing in the US," he added.
Comedian Chris Rock, who hosted the ceremony for the first time, received a standing ovation before getting the show under way.
British actress Antonia Bernath is making her debut in Kisna - the Warrior Poet, marking a growing trend for non-Indian stars to appear in Bollywood films.
After the ONS announcement, economists said there could also be a proportionate boost to the current budget in 2004/05 of about £400m.
But the producer's a liar," he said.
"The prime minister has given instructions for exemplary penalties to be meted out against the accused and their accomplices if found guilty," he told the BBC's Network Africa programme.
The remaining 12% will be retained by the Yantai city government.
Although it has nostalgia value, there is no way it deserved to win.
It employs 77,000 people, running operations in over 30 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific.
US box office total, earning more than $40m (£22m) on the first day of the DVD's release alone.
The announcement is the latest blow for the one-time darling of Wall Street, which has lost 80% of its stock value in just over a year.
Taylor, you're my director of the year.
But already it looks likely that growth in the first half of 2005 will slow, Mr Mendis told reporters, although he would not say by how much.
Commentators and Yukos itself claim the firm is the target of a government campaign to destroy it because of the political ambitions of its founder, Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
"No matter what cards life dealt, Charlie stayed centred on his love for his family and for McDonald's."
"That way, Mr Yushchenko can go to the public and say he has forced the oligarchs to play by the rules," he told BBC News.
Other films in the best film category include Police drama 36, Quai Des Orfevres, Arnaud Desplechin's Kings
The offer, made as part of a trade deal between the two countries, will allow China to operate oil fields in Venezuela and invest in new refineries.
Russian news agencies reported that India's petroleum minister Mr Aiyar and Russian energy minister Viktor Khristenko would discuss the future of Yugansk at a meeting on Tuesday.
Clive Owen's nomination has sparked a betting frenzy from James Bond fans, who feel that his heightened global recognition will have done his chances of becoming the next Bond a world of good," said William Hill spokesman Rupert Adams.
The IEA raised its estimate of 2005 oil demand growth by 80,000 barrels a day to 84 million barrels a day.
Looking ahead, analysts now expect improvement in jobs growth to feed through to the High Street with consumer spending remaining strong.
News Corp investors voted in October to approve the transfer of the company's corporate domicile from Australia to the US state of Delaware.
In 1969 his name became linked with the Charles Manson murders, which saw the deaths of actress Sharon Tate and four of her friends at a home which Melcher once rented.
The decline of the dollar is a warning sign that current economic trends cannot continue.
British energy firm Burren Energy has been awarded two potentially lucrative oil exploration contracts in Egypt.
Milan Kundera (Czech Republic)
Yukos had argued that a US court was entitled to declare it bankrupt before its Yugansk unit was sold, since it has local bank accounts and its chief finance officer Bruce Misamore lives in Houston.
Smoking is fashionable in China, where it is seen as an essential - and manly - sociable touch for some jobs, such as salesmen.
About 300 fans protested outside the Old Trafford ground two days ago.
A close associate of former Yukos boss Mikhail Khodorkovsky has told a court that fraud charges levelled against him are "false".
They are hoping that by boosting colour it will make their publications more attractive to advertisers and readers alike.
Shares in Krispy Kreme Doughnuts have taken a dunking on Wall Street after the firm revealed it would have to restate its 2004 financial reports.
Baikal's background and its motives for buying the unit are still unclear.
Interest rates and unemployment are both likely to remain at historically low levels, real household incomes should continue to grow and housing demand is likely to outstrip supply into the medium-term."
Diana Rigg was best actress for Suddenly Last Summer, Dame Judi Dench was best supporting actress for
The group have also chosen documentaries to air, such as The Leonard Cohen Story and Guitar Greats - Jimmy Page.
The government hopes the change will be seen as a promise of growing economic stability as Turkey embarks on the long process of trying to join the European Union.
She said "superior" bullying tactics, like making housemates cold and hungry, could encourage playground bullying.
He said the consumer price index (CPI) would rise 0.1% in the next fiscal year, the first gain since 2000/01.
The concern is that traders might interpret this big jump in the core PPI as an impetus for the Fed to be more aggressive than a measured move in moving rates," said Paul Cherney, chief market analyst at Standard & Poor's.
and it's wrong for me to present myself in the same context as they are."
It employs 50,000 staff in Kazakhstan alone, and has large operations in Romania, the Czech Republic, South Africa and the United States.
Turkey's investment in Iran's mobile industry looks set to be scrapped after its biggest mobile firm saw its investment there slashed by MPs.
"Nothing fundamental has changed."
IPC is 46%-owned by Reliance Industries which in turn is run by Mukesh.
In 2003, the US was ahead with 20.5% and China came second with 19.2%.
They have also earned a reputation as outspoken and charismatic, in contrast to fellow Brit nominees such as Keane and Snow Patrol. "
Malaysia said as many as 1,000 fishermen will be affected and that damage to the industry will be "significant", Agence France Presse reported.
Race doesn't make a difference if everyone is included.
Compared in stature to Elvis Presley by some commentators, Charles' songs cast their spell on such 1960s stalwarts as Joe Cocker, Steve Winwood, Eric Burdon and Van Morrison.
According to Andreas Adriano of Latin Trade Magazine, the new bankruptcy law will help in reducing the spread - difference between the interest rates of the banks and federal bonds.
"We are buying his name," Simon Falic told the Reuters news agency.
The Paris Club of rich creditor nations on Wednesday offered to freeze debts owed by tsunami-hit countries.
The initial list was very weak anyway, but Angels the best song of the last 25 years!!!!
Slater, 35, is replacing actor Dallas Roberts in the Tennessee Williams drama, which opens next month.
I've been sick for three days and want to make it through the night.
The results were in line with Wall Street expectations and shares in GM rose by about 1% in pre-market trade.
"I would not exclude that the structure of the deal has slightly changed and Gazprom now has a partner.
The singer must serve 15 days in prison after he consistently swore during a concert in St Thomas, Jamaica, in January despite warnings by police.
Notwithstanding, comedian Reeves remains 3/1 favourite to win the show, after Pasquale.
The government proposal states that foreign investment of up to 100% will be allowed on the 'automatic route' in the construction sector, on projects including housing, hotels, resorts, hospitals and educational establishments.
Many large Russian companies, particularly in the energy sector, use complex webs of offshore companies to avoid taxes.
But South Africa Finance Minister Trevor Manuel told the BBC's Talking Point programme what was needed was one approach, with all wealthy nations on board.
Production in Chile is expected rise 3.5% in 2005 to 5.5 million tonnes, said Mr Cartagena.
However, world music sales declined by 1.3% to $33.6 billion (£17.7 billion).
so it can make more effective policy decisions.
Before too long, credit markets are likely to react, and interest rates will creep upwards.
Green Day's Boulevard of Broken Dreams is currently number two in Billboard's pop chart, and tops its digital chart.
Mr Gates is said to be trying to arrange a meeting with Brazil's President Lula da Silva.
Such belt-tightening is designed to tackle the massive budget deficit increases of President Bush's first term.
"I'm loving it" catchphrase will be used throughout the half-hour programme.
John Patterson will be in charge of drug development.
"I fully welcome the words of Mr Snow," said Joaquin Almunia, "but we will need to see decisions adopted in that direction.
The company pointed out that the farm, which employs 300 workers, provides meat solely for the Venezuelan market.
Ms Berman said: "I think the audience expects loud things from Fox.
Infinity Broadcasting, which is owned by Viacom, paid cumulative fines totalling $1.7m (£907,000) in 1995 to settle FCC violations by Stern.
Novartis said that it would be able to make cost savings of about $200m a year following the acquisitions.
The new line would go out as far as Maidenhead, Berkshire, to the west of London, and link Heathrow to Canary Wharf via the City.
In the fourth quarter alone Ford reported net income of $104m, compared with a loss of $793m a year ago.
She definitely deserved to win a prize, Joss Stone's albums are quite simply amazing, easily better than anything else that was released last year.
But of the 145 companies reporting, 76% didn't examine their supply chains, says the annual Directions survey.
Potential foreign investors will however need government approval before they increase their stake beyond 49%, Mr Maran said.
Shanda said that it may boost its stake in Sina, even buying it outright.
The world's richest countries have said they want to increase the amount of aid they give to 0.7% of their annual gross national income by 2015.
Director Hugues Charbonnier says he is under pressure because factories in the Far East are able to make some of his output more cheaply, while his key markets are now in China and India.
The figures support recent data from the government and other bodies which all point to a slowdown in the housing market.
"I'm not for too much carousing.
Manchester United's board has agreed to give US tycoon Malcolm Glazer access to its books.
AMR's chief executive Gerard Arpey said the airline's difficulties reflected the situation within the industry.
Founding member Geoff Barrow told BBC 6 Music the record was well on the way to being completed.
Although the company's statement said it would continue to monitor developments, observers said they thought Turkcell was set to pull out of the $3bn deal.
Tuesday's gig has been rescheduled for 15 June.
Altria's Philip Morris now accepts that nicotine is harmful, and the company's main lawyer William Ohlemeyer told the BBC last year that earlier statements may have been wrong but they were not dishonest.
It was blocked by Courtney Love, the widow of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain, who did not want unreleased song
The two are set to merge their venture capital operations and there has been speculation that this could lead to a full-blown merger.
Other successes such as Celebrity Big Brother and The Simpsons have enabled the broadcaster to surpass BBC2 for the first month since last July.
Nearly 20% more UK top 250 firms produced non-financial reports on social and environment issues than last year.
The only thing blighting business optimism this year will be uncertainties associated with the general election, BDO said.
The news may mean more limits on investment and lending as Beijing tries to take the economy off the boil.
Millions of Indonesians use kerosene for basic cooking, and prices have been heavily subsidised for years.
Deficits should be allowed to rise above 3%, Mr Schroeder argued, if countries meet several "mandatory criteria".
Prosecution lawyers have argued that Mr Ebbers orchestrated a series of accounting tricks at WorldCom, ordering employees to hide expenses and inflate revenues to meet Wall Street earnings estimates.
A CBI quarterly survey found output had risen by the fastest rate in seven years but many firms were seeing the benefits offset by increasing expenses.
The Brazilian government has plans to switch all government computers from Microsoft to Linux.
The directors of Omagh and Sex Traffic are among the nominees for a television movie or mini-series.
China's thirst for products such as crude oil, copper and steel has helped pushed global commodity prices to record levels.
The audience for BBC One's one-hour special averaged 13.7 million and peaked at 14.2 million in the last 15 minutes, overnight figures showed.
For Airbus, the future is big - it is pinning its hopes on planes that can carry as many as 840 people between large hub airports.
Sumitomo bosses told counterparts at UFJ of its decision on Friday, clearing the way for it to conclude a 3 trillion yen ($29bn) deal with Mitsubishi.
The Button Down, which fell to number six.
The US government may still make a conciliatory gesture, just as happened a year ago when Vice President Dick Cheney made a surprise appearance in Davos.
Its light bulb adornments are dimmed, ordinary domestic ones joined together with string.
Gallagher lost two front teeth in the fight, which led to the band abandoning their German tour.
The top names in Scottish music are taking part in a benefit concert in aid of the victims of the Asian tsunami.
"I bow down to you," Swank said to the 74-year-old Eastwood.
The EU said a tax would only be passed after full consultation with airlines.
Analysts said Unilever could launch the new products in 2007.
Lisbon risks becoming a "synonym for missed objectives and failed promises", his report said.
It was also a debut nomination for Staunton, 49, who played abortionist Vera Drake in Mike Leigh's film.
Radio 1 said the three DJs had been chosen for their "in-depth musical knowledge across a variety of musical genres".
Polar Express uses technology similar to that used in Lord of the Rings to bring Gollum to life.
Mr Evans sued Mr Mann in 2001, claiming he came up with the idea, spent years developing it and persuaded DiCaprio to play Hughes - but said he was later excluded from the project.
And doesn't that make some weird implication that all black people live in cities?
Turkey could also help alleviate a labour shortage in "Old Europe" once its population comes of age.
The Cox-2 inhibitors were developed by drug companies, including Merck and Pfizer, because they cause users fewer stomach problems than other painkillers.
He had four nominations going into the ceremony, with seven artists nominated in three categories.
Comedy Fat Albert - co-written by Bill Cosby
Their singles include What I Go To School
The comments came as Viktor Yushchenko prepared to head to Brussels to meet with US President George W Bush and other North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (Nato) leaders.
Veterans Simon and Garfunkel were in 10th place, their comeback tour helping them earn $24.9m (£13.4m) last year.
US Airways is in Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for the second time in two years, and battling to cut costs.
Even computer games from 10-15 years ago are getting modern re-workings.
However, the rise in digital recording has affected business at the studio, which is relocating to smaller premises in Miami.
The first vouchers, worth £250 or £500 for low-income families, will be distributed from January.
Mr Marchionne is confident of his firm's legal position, saying in an interview with the Financial Times that GM's argument "has no legs".
The alleged violations included the sale of guns to 23 people who were not allowed to possess them, and delivering 36 guns to customers who acquired them for people not allowed to own firearms.
"We want to be in the best financial health - maybe clubs can do it (listing), Manchester United have been a success."
A formula for the ultimate Christmas single has been revealed by chart bible British Hit Singles and Albums.
He became chief operating officer and president in 2002.
A statement from the band's record company Universal said frontman Charlie Simpson planned to spend some time working with his other band, Fightstar.
Moore said it was "an historic occasion" that the 31-year-old awards ceremony would name a documentary its best film.
Vintage TV and film posters also lined the walls, including a rare portrait of Raquel Welch and an original advertising print from the Benny Hill Show.
Any countries that are not making enough of an effort could be dragged to the World Trade Organisation (WTO), a step that could trigger economic sanctions, the EU warned.
Indian film director Mira Nair has said she was thrilled to be given the chance to make William Makepeace Thackeray's novel Vanity Fair - as the book has been a favourite through her life.
It's always nice to see these old toons re-released, but after the abysmal Thunderbirds movie (and the song!)
However, recent rumours have suggested that Simpson has been wanting to quit the band to focus on Fightstar.
The Australian star faces competition from Daniel Craig (Enduring Love), Phil Davis (Vera Drake), Ian Hart (Blind Fight) and Dead Man's Shoes' star Paddy Considine.
Hundreds of thousands of livelihoods have gone," said Jan Egeland, head of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
The FDA has been asked to decide if the benefits to patients justify the increased risks.
Based on the novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess tells the story of a young girl who is sent to live in a New York boarding school when her widowed father enlists for war.
"People like to have a vested interest in what they're watching. "When Titanic does $1.8bn in worldwide box office, you've got a lot of people with a vested interest."
"Hollywood doesn't tend to like foreign-language films -
They give three key reasons for not making the move:
But the US Court of Appeal upheld its original decision that the group did not have to pay an additional fee to license the underlying composition.
The main cloud on the horizon, NIESR said, was the UK's much analysed and fretted over property market.
It's alright for a pop song - but the best song of the last 25 years???
The ban threatens to reignite tensions between the regulator and British American Tobacco, which plans to become China's first foreign cigarette maker.
Bob the Builder, Postman Pat and Fireman Sam together in an epic adventure of fire, post and bricks.
Production companies also featured in the top 50, including Steve Coogan's Baby Cow, which created Nighty Night among others, Hat Trick - behind The Kumars at Number 42 - and The Vicar of Dibley production company Tiger Aspect.
The German film The Downfall, a biopic tracing the final days of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler in his Berlin bunker, has been recognised in the best foreign film category.
It credited the screen legend's "raw hypnotic energy" and his ability to create characters like Stanley Kowalski and Terry Malloy "that will live forever in the annals of film history".
Some of Britain's wealthiest people are musicians who have raked it in from albums, concerts etc.
However, September's reading was the strongest for 13 years.
Harvey, who entered the camp a day later than other contestants after learning that his grandmother had died, reached the end of his tether following days of meagre rations and rows.
US light crude traded in New York lost more than $2 to $43.25, its lowest close since 10 September.
" Shooting on the sequel is expected to begin in April, with hundreds of Dominicans applying to be extras in the movie.
It is to be paid to the damaged funds and their shareholders.
The retailer is debt free with a good cash flow, despite the fact that it is said to be struggling to keep up with market leader Best Buy and cut-price competition from the likes of Wal-Mart, said Mr Armstrong.
Sky's coverage will launch with the nominations on 25 January and will include themed programming across Sky channels including Sky News, Sky Travel and the Biography Channel.
He has moved from 4/1 to 5/2 favourite to play 007, with Hugh Jackman and Ewan McGregor joint second favourite. "
However, union officials denied there had been a deliberate "sickout".
The Ballymena-born actor said that the theatre on Ridgeway Street was in a "very dilapidated condition".
The number of Japanese films released rose to 310 in 2004 from 287 the previous year.
However, GM stressed that it did not know of any injuries related to the problems.
NBC alleged that boxing regulations had been violated, but failed in their attempt to have the show pulled.
"We are encouraging attendees to keep the victims in mind and aggressively support the aid organisations helping out," she added.
Scoggins' daugher Jane Kelly Misel said that her father never tired of the song and would sing it at least once a day. "
The US will continue to drive expansion until 2006, albeit at a slightly slower rate, as will be the case in Japan.
Unlike many other film-makers, Passion of the Christ director Mel Gibson has vowed not to campaign for an Oscar for his movie. "
"Work is going on across the music business right now to make sure the new chart works to plan," he said.
and it was dangerous to assume that rates had peaked.
Smart has consistently lost money since it started trading in 1998, and new model launches are now "on hold", said Mercedes chief executive Eckhard Cordes.
This award counts because the final choice of winners is made by children, who are the toughest critics of all," she said.
No bid emerged, but Mr Glazer continued to increase his holding in the club.
In another case last October, she pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct for hitting a man on the head with a microphone stand at a New York City nightclub.
Consumption, meanwhile, has jumped to 2.4 million bpd, compared with 474,000 bpd in 1973.
Singer-songwriter Casey beat Brian McFadden and Damien Rice.
The consortium which won the auction for the mill was created by Viktor Pinchuk, son-in-law of former-President Leonid Kuchma, and Rinat Akhmetov, the country's richest man.
The debut album, which took the best British album title at the Brits on Tuesday, moved up seven places from number eight to number one.
Prices for autos and trucks also jumped in January, but Shepherdson said "it is a good bet these increases won't stick".
Duran Duran are currently promoting the album's second single, What Happens Tomorrow.
A Room With A View, and a "great number of celebrated roles" in subsequent productions.
so it was time for a change."
Its Mangala field, thought to contain a billion barrels, is its biggest find to date.
"What could have been a didactic or preachy prospect turns out to hilarious, moving humane and eye-popping.
US record shops are stocking an import version of
Also capitalising on Brits success were the Scissor Sisters whose eponymous album moved three places to number two.
"I have never equated the Academy Awards with how much money a movie takes in," said Nikki Rocco, head of distribution at Universal which released nominee Ray.
It had been expected one of the smallest of the four big public banks - Bank of Alexandria or Banque du Caire - would be sold first.
It was an occupation that was later to feature in his authorial debut, the television screenplay Flight into Danger.
It may also increase pressure on China to relax the peg joining its currency, the yuan, with the weakening dollar.
After collating the results, they are responsible for sealing the results in the famous golden envelopes which will be revealed by a host of celebrity presenters at the ceremony.
but it knew it was and somehow this famous 1979 series became a cult favourite that's been long awaited on DVD.
The sequel narrowly beat its 2001 predecessor, Ocean's Eleven which took $38.1m (
Britain's Rod Stewart introduced Percy Sledge, citing his best-known hit When a Man loves a Woman as "one of the best performances I've ever heard".
Compiled by an eleven year-old girl perhaps??
has gone straight in at number one in the UK singles chart.
According to official data, the value of India's overall exports in the current fiscal year is expected to reach more than $60bn, while in Pakistan's case it is set to hit more than $12bn.
Overall the weekend box office was strong despite the fact that it was American football's Super Bowl weekend - a time when cinema admissions generally fall.
Russian oil firm Yukos lied to a US court in an attempt to stop the Russian government selling off its key production unit, the court has heard.
They may not want him but they are going to get him.
When a film version of The Beverly Hillbillies was made in 1993, Scoggins came out of retirement to perform the theme tune.
Comair's computer breakdown plunged its flight-crew scheduling system into disarray.
Former England footballer Paul Gascoigne will join EastEnders' actress Scarlett Johnson on BBC One's Strictly Ice Dancing.
Despite three nominations, Mike Leigh's Vera Drake failed to take the director or screenplay awards and there was no prize for star Imelda Staunton.
The company added it had opted to take action through American courts as US bankruptcy law gives worldwide jurisdiction over a debtor company's property and because it was seeking a judiciary willing to protect the value of shareholders' investments.
The Geordie duo also secured best comedy entertainment programme for Saturday Night Takeaway, beating I'm A Celebrity...
Yugansk will most likely end up with Gazprom but could still end up with the government.
The European Union, in particular, was imposing new international financial reporting standards in 2005, it noted.
But progress has been slow, reports from the country say.
Prosecutors are seeking indictments against Mr Tanzi and 28 others - including several members of his family and former Parmalat chief financial officer Fausto Tonna - for alleged manipulation of stock market prices and making misleading statements to accountants and Italy's financial watchdog.
She is asking a Los Angeles court to award her half the musician's property, a monthly allowance and damages.
Exchange Traded Funds offer an alternative way to track a stock market.
Since President Yudhoyono's government came to power in October, it has indicated its intention of raising domestic fuel prices by cutting subsidies.
A private collection of six tape recordings of Presley valued at between $30,000 (£16,000) and $50,000 (£27,000) did not meet their reserve price.
Shares in the fifth biggest US carrier had fallen 6.87% on the news to $10.44 by 1830 GMT.
In a filing to US regulators the airline warned of "inadequate liquidity" if it fails to reduce wage costs by $500m by the end of February.
"Our businesses in the United States and emerging markets such as China, Russia and Turkey, combined with favourable European exchange rates, helped drive much of this growth."
Frankfurt-based Deutsche Boerse has offered £1.3bn ($2.48bn; 1.88bn euros) for the London Stock Exchange.
In addition to Green Day, other artists in the current US digital sales top 10 include Kelly Clarkson, The Game and the Killers.
The Two Ronnies ran from 1971 to 1987 and attracted 17 million viewers at its peak.
It took $19.1m (£9.9m) on Christmas Day alone, the highest takings on that day in box office history.
"Payroll growth in December was a little lighter than the consensus forecast, but we had upward revisions to the prior two months and an increase in manufacturing employment."
Kirin, the fourth big name, is launching its own "third-type" drink in April.
Edwards' sister Rachel makes an emotional TV appeal five years after the disappearance.
Another role under Burton, Ed Wood, starred Depp as the crazed cult film-maker Wood, in 1994.
Dollar Baby failed to trim their credits - so the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences (Ampas) has done it for them.
The double album - which saw the pair produce one disc each - topped the charts in the US at the same time as single Hey Ya!
It is too early for us to state what our financial burden will be."
Hendrix was widely considered one of the most important guitarists of his time.
And Rosneft is in desperate need of cash, so
Oil giant BP has announced a 26% rise in annual profits to $16.2bn (£8.7bn) on the back of record oil prices.
The musical is not expected in London before December 2006.
"Through your work and your campaigns, you have shown us how the artist occupies an essential place in our contemporary society," Mr de Vabres said.
Electronics were also one of the keys to the improved domestic market, with products such as flat-screen TVs in high demand during January.
The apparent discrepancy between rising unemployment and record numbers in work can be explained by an increase in the working population and a fall in those who are economically inactive.
Mr Sullivan also rejects a suggestion that he had once told fellow WorldCom board member Bert Roberts that Mr Ebbers was unaware of the accounting fraud at WorldCom.
The jury comprised experts and critics from the top UK film publications.
Aviation analyst Nick Van den Brul of BNP Paribas described BA's latest quarterly results as "pretty modest".
These figures show beyond doubt the recent slowdown in the housing market," Peter Williams, CML deputy director, said.
"What can you do next when you've done it all?" he says.
The Aviator has been named best film at the Golden Globe Awards, with its star Leonardo DiCaprio named best actor.
"He was funny and witty to work with.
A Yili spokesman said it may now move to oust chairman Zheng Junhuai.
"We believe the whole airline industry will now have to move in this direction; this will likely hurt revenue in the short run but could be beneficial in the long run," said analyst Ray Neidl at Calyon Securities.
"Game and I need to set an example in the community.
The companies said they have no reports of the rare condition - progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) - in patients taking either Tysabri or Avonex alone.
"We just don't think adoption is a game show," said Tommy Schenck, WRAZ-TV's general manager, though he said his decision had not been influenced by public protests.
"Our educational reforms have created a new generation of highly-educated and professionally trained Saudi women who are acquiring their rightful position in Saudi society," Arab News quoted Prince Saud as saying.
Commenting on the diversity of the nominated films, he added: "Our selection committee had a harder time than ever narrowing down the field."
Band Aid 20 slipped to six after seven weeks in the chart with Do
As for lighting, consider a combination of floor mounted uplights, wall lights (wall washers) and selected downlights.
Monsanto said it accepted full responsibility for its employees' actions, adding that it had taken "remedial actions to address the activities in Indonesia" and had been "fully co-operative" throughout the investigative process.
Plans to create a US soap based on the BBC's EastEnders have reportedly been drawn up by the Fox TV network.
"I am afraid the resources are not up to the ambitions," Jean-Michel Lemetayer, from the FNSEA agricultural union, told the Associated Press news agency.
Digital sales in the US are already used to compile Billboard's Hot Digital Sales chart.
The new person will be in charge of the £9m budget and their role will be to develop shows outside the capital, both within the BBC and with independent production companies.
Failure to make cutbacks may also push it to reduce its fleet, the group said.
He predicted that the South African economy would grow by 4.3% in 2005 and 4.2% in 2006.
The figures prompted some analysts to forecast that the Bank of England will almost certainly raise rates this year.
Low-budget move Sideways and Finding Neverland have so far grossed about $45m (£24m) each.
Mr Weingarten has suggested that Mr Sullivan is implicating Mr Ebbers only to win a lighter sentence, something Mr Sullivan denies.
Despite urging to ease the peg, officials insist they are a long way from ready to make a shift to a more market-set rate.
But the FT said it thought JP Morgan may still have had some role in financing Mr Glazer's latest financial proposal.
OutKast will add their awards to the four they won at the US MTV Awards in August and three Grammys in February.
Daiwa said that "although it is true that the two groups have been engaging in various discussions to enhance cooperation, there are no plans to enter into negotiations to consolidate the two businesses".
Foxx's critically acclaimed performance as Ray has already earned him a Screen Actors Guild Award for best actor, as well as a prestigious Golden Globe.
With Jools Holland, booked the group to appear the day after seeing them at a west London pub.
Oscar-nominated film biopic Ray has surpassed its US box office takings with a combined tally of $80m (£43m) from DVD and video sales and rentals.
Sales climbed 8% for the year, the best performance since an 8.5% rise in 1999, the Commerce Department added.
Climate change and the fight against Aids are leading the list of concerns for the first day of the World Economic Forum in the Swiss resort of Davos.
Asian stock markets are heavily inclined towards property and construction companies, many of which will be rubbing their hands over the reconstruction opportunities.
Will Smith's first romantic comedy, Hitch, has topped the North American box office for a second weekend.
One member of the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) -
But this is not great music.
The race for the Oscars entered its final stages as the deadline for voters to choose their winners passed.
Mr Newton and the Beastie Boys were not available for comment.
Lawmakers said on Wednesday night Enrico Bondi, the turnaround specialist appointed by the Italian government as Parmalat's chief executive, spoke positively about the company during a closed-door hearing of the Chamber of Deputies industry commission. "
The FT said most the high-profile firm that might woo SSL was Anglo-Dutch household products group Reckitt Benckiser.
Apacs chose school teacher Helen Carroll, from Portsmouth, to make the historic transaction.
Very good idea to continue the legacy without attempting to replace John Peel.
"Many of the films that did well (with audiences) are not necessarily the films that made a lot of money," said Mr Dergarabedian.
Although the group had paid a licence fee for the sample, Mr Newton said his copyright had been infringed.
Sales will dip by at least A$30m after the Indian ocean tsunami devastated many holiday destinations, Qantas said.
The Office's Ricky Gervais is writing an episode of hit US cartoon The Simpsons, following an invitation from its creator Matt Groening.
On average every Briton buys 3.2 CDs per person per year.
Ukraine recently ousted long-serving leader Leonid Kuchma and has said it wants closer European Union links.
R&B singer Usher won best male and best album for Confessions, while UK rock band Muse were named best alternative act and best British artists.
Euronext is poised to launch a bid for the London Stock Exchange, UK media reports say.
About 190 state-run companies and facilities were sold off from the early 1990s to 1997.
A court ruled that Chongqing Lifan Industry Group must stop selling Honda brand motorbikes and said it must pay 1.47m yuan ($177,600) in compensation.
The authorities said landowners whose titles were in order and whose farms were productive had "nothing to fear".
The 865 million share offer, a mix of new shares and sales by the government, raised 54bn rupees($1.2bn).
The assault on Yukos' assets has been widely blamed for a slowdown in economic growth in recent months.
Anti-globalisation campaigners have called off a demonstration planned for the weekend.
US beermaker Anheuser-Busch sells less beer by volume than Inbev but is bigger in terms of the value of its sales.
Asahi is predicting profits to rise 50% in 2005 as it launches a drink based on soybean peptides rather than malt.
"You do have to risk quite a lot of money for a very small gain
A Los Angeles Superior Court judge is expected to set a trial date later this month for Spector, who was indicted on murder charges in September.
This will result in a marked slowdown in growth in 2005 and 2006 compared to last year, when the economy expanded by 3.25%.
But Morrison is determined the album will be released on Monday.
Britney Spears picked up her first ever Grammy for her song Toxic, which was named best dance recording.
How can she be "urban" if she spent most of her life in the Devon countryside?
The introduction of 'chip and pin' cards has tightened security for transactions on the High Street.
While pinpointing several areas in which there are difficulties in the bilateral and multilateral work with Russia, the US said the meeting was "much more efficient than we've seen for some time".
Big Brother's spokeswoman said: "Only a handful of senior production executives are privy to any sensitive information regarding eviction voting and there are strict procedures in place to keep this information strictly confidential.
Indie Rock group Muse consists of Matthew Bellamy, Chris Wolstenholme and Dominic Howard who met in their early teens in Teignmouth, south Devon.
Korean writer Park Chan-Chook shared the best screenplay award for Les Choristes and Old Boy respectively.
Leading electronics chain Best Buy, meanwhile, missed its sales target of a 3-5% rise in sales, turning in a 2.5% increase over the Christmas period.
" DiCaprio, who lost out on the best actor Bafta to Foxx, will face him again at the Academy Awards in two weeks' time.
Southcorp's shares have risen in recent months on speculation that it could become a takeover target.
He is a fellow at Clare College, Cambridge and became a honorary research professor of the University of St Andrews in 2003.
But music fans in the US are still able to access the song and download it on Band Aid 20's official website.
Also taken were a pearl necklace and a sapphire bought as an investment for their daughters described by Sharon as "one of the only 24-carat sapphires that is absolutely pure".
Last year, MG Rover, which employs more than 6,000 people, produced just 110,000 cars, though it hopes to land a deal with Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (SAIC) that could help double the number of cars produced at Longbridge.
Mr Marchionne becomes the fourth head of the business - which is expected to make a 800m euro ($1bn) loss in 2004 - in as many years.
The veteran pop star played piano accompaniment throughout the concert which lasted for three hours without an interval.
Both countries eased travel and other restrictions as part of the peace process aimed at ending nearly six decades of hostilities.
A major distributor of pirated DVDs of Bollywood films has been sent to prison for three years.
One was for hiring a stand-in to complete his community service for possession of a stun gun and three-months following a nightclub fracas.
Last week, the trio attended an official screening of all the nominated short films at the Academy's headquarters in Beverly Hills.
At the same time, India's economy is booming and the country's thirst for oil is so strong that it has helped pushed up the price of crude worldwide.
Of the cut now due to Lee, 82, who created Spider-Man in 1962, his lawyer said: "It could be tens of millions of dollars, that's no exaggeration."
He said the valuation would put increased pressure on Xstrata to look at "sweetening" its offer.
IMF boss Rodrigo Rato was asked by G7 ministers to carry out a study into the feasibility of revaluing and selling gold reserves.
I've heard she has swollen glands.
All regions saw at least a doubling in their assets during the past decade.
The amnesty will not extend to people who made money through drugs trafficking or international money laundering.
Perhaps if the remakes were done in a 'Look Around You' mock-authentic style I might be interested ...
Will they triumph or will they fail miserably?
The real estate firm, which dominates Lebanon's stock exchange, ended the day down at $8.08.
The UK manufacturing sector will continue to face "serious challenges" over the next two years, the British Chamber of Commerce (BCC) has said.
China's Baoshan Iron and Steel Co. said it was delaying a share sale because of weak market conditions, adding it would raise steel prices to offset ore costs.
The Bank of Mexico said that remittances grew 24% last year and now represent the country's second-biggest source of income after oil.
She also began working with young choreographers such as Anthony Tudor and Frederick Ashton who became huge influences on the direction of ballet in the west.
A merger between MCI and Qwest would be the fifth billion-dollar telecoms deal since October.
Shadow chancellor Oliver Letwin said: "At best the timing of these changes is very convenient for the government."
The commission then took the pair to the European Court of Human Justice - which ruled EU countries could not put the pact "in abeyance", and confirmed the EC's right to launch "excessive debt procedures".
Wimpey's profit figures came in at the top of expectations, with the numbers helped by buoyant sales in the US offsetting a slight slowdown in the UK.
Several Hollywood stars feature in the festival's American independent drama category, including Keanu Reeves and Benjamin Bratt.
On the revamped chart show their cheeky, laddish banter will punctuate star interviews and competitions, film and DVD charts plus a look at future single releases, in addition to the singles chart itself.
President Kumaratunga said it was now important to find a peaceful solution to years of internal conflict.
Their relatives abroad may choose to send money in other currencies which are not subject to the tax, such as euros, or increase their dollar payments to compensate.
The admission is part of an apology sent to JP Morgan staff after the bank researched its links to slavery in order to meet legislation in Chicago.
And last week Only Fools and Horses star David Jason criticised British TV for being "too safe and too cheap".
The sale is a further move by Citigroup away from its 1990s strategy of offering every financial service - insurance, broking and banking.
Parents will need to decide which financial institution will manage this gift in time for the start of the scheme in April 2005.
In 2003, Stewart said he was "astounded
The TV couple's interest in the book world coined the term "the Richard & Judy effect" and created the top two best-selling paperbacks of 2004 so far.
, Slade's Merry Christmas Everybody, Wham's Last Christmas and Sir Cliff Richards' Mistletoe and Wine.
The award-winning trilogy - Northern Lights, The Subtle Knife and The Amber Spyglass - tell the story of Oxford school child Lyra Belacqua.
The BSA said mortgage approvals - loans approved but not yet made - were £2bn, down from £2.6bn in January 2004.
President Nestor Kirchner's administration is still trying to hammer out an agreement with the creditors, but with the debts' nominal value standing at around $100bn
WorldCom's problems appear to have begun with the collapse of the dotcom boom which cut its business from internet companies.
The seasonally adjusted rise showed a smaller rise than expected, as government measures to encourage job creation began to take effect.
NUJ official Barry Fitzpatrick said the company had ignored the 90-day consultation period required for companies planning more than 10 redundancies.
Cuba's economy had staged a modest recovery during the mid 1990s as the collapse of the Soviet Union forced it to embrace foreign capital, decentralise trade and permit limited private enterprise.
"There are many more questions than answers, especially given increased concerns regarding company liquidity," JP Morgan Securities analyst John Ivankoe said in a research note on the firm.
The sale opened at 8am on Friday and will close at 6pm on Saturday.
"My university course started with four graduates in 1999; we're now the largest major on campus - with 400 students," he said.
Brits success has helped return Keane's award-winning album Hopes and Fears back to the top of the UK album chart.
Lennon recorded his final album Double Fantasy at the studio in 1979.
It has taken $65.5m (£34.1m) so far, buoyed by opening at number one in the UK last weekend and a successful run in Germany.
"It's amazing how quickly sentiment changed," said Rick Mueller, an analyst at Energy Security Analysis.
The remaining members of rock band Queen are to go on tour next year with former Free and Bad Company singer Paul Rodgers taking Freddie Mercury's place.
The latest to pitch in has been President George W Bush himself, who told the Asia Pacific Economic Co-operation (Apec) summit in Chile that he remained committed to halving the budget deficit.
His previous adviser, JPMorgan, quit last year when Mr Glazer went ahead and voted against the appointment of three United directors to the board, against its advice.
"On the positive side digital sales are booming," said John Kennedy, chief executive of the International Federation of Phonographic Industries (IFPI).
The VH1 First Music Award went to Cher honouring her achievements within the music industry.
At the time, police said a "physical altercation" broke out among the musicians at about 0200 local time.
However, Mr Glazer's latest offer is reported to have cut the amount of borrowing needed by £200m.
, it needs creditors' backing for the offer to avoid going into bankruptcy.
Leonardo diCaprio, Pierce Brosnan, Christian Slater and Richard Gere are also in the audience for the biggest night in UK film.
The movie's star Don Cheadle also received a standing ovation when he stepped onto the stage after the show.
Actor Rodrigo de la Serna took the best debut performance prize for The Motorcycle Diaries.
But the Leicester singer has struggled to repeat its success following two spells in jail.
"The stability pact will work better if intervention by European institutions in the budgetary sovereignty of national parliaments is only permitted under very limited conditions," he wrote.
Varig, which operates in 18 countries apart from Brazil, has been driven to the brink of collapse because of the country's economic downturn.
Cinematographer John Mathieson, who was nominated for Gladiator in 2001, is also up for The Phantom of the Opera.
If the 74-year-old does win, he will become the oldest person ever to be named best director at the ceremony.
They own 29% of United through their Cubic Expression investment vehicle.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has asked for information about transactions involving holders of 5% or more of the firm's shares.
Nike has reported its best second-quarter earnings, helped by strong demand for its athletic shoes and Converse sneakers.
"The calendar year is starting off slower than expected, both for GM and the industry," said Mark LaNeve, GM's vice president for North American sales, service and marketing.
The bankruptcy followed its admission in 2002 that it illegally booked expenses and inflated profits.
The rights to JRR Tolkien's book are split between two major film studios.
As a friend, he was very kind, and generous."
Freezing temperatures and heavy snowfall have increased demand for heating fuel in the US, where stocks are low.
The spending plan for the year beginning 1 October is banking on a healthy US economy to boost government income by 6.1% to $2.18 trillion.
"I would look at the stock market rally for Bush as kind of a one-day event," said Ken Mayland at Clearview Economics.
It opens in the UK and US on 19 May.
Newcomers to the annual list included Nighty Night star Julia Davis at seven and Black Books' Tamsin Greig at 19.
However, analysts say the new figures fail to take into account the potential $2-$3.8 trillion costs of the president's plan to revamp state pensions and extend tax cuts.
The current EU rules limit the size of a eurozone country's deficit to 3% of GDP.
Red Crescent Societies told the Reuters news agency that it was seeking $6.5m for emergency aid.
There was no agenda whatsoever to hurt anyone," he said.
There are not many theatres left like this.
The European Regions Airline Association (ERAA) claims that neither airlines nor consumers were consulted over the changes.
India and Russia are to work together in a series of energy deals, part of a pact which could see India invest up to $20bn in oil and gas projects.
Ryanair said the new planes would help it to cut operating costs further.
She had not seen her sibling for 28 years.
I was never assumed to be the writer or producer."
US interest rates are expected to rise for the fifth time since June following the US Federal Reserve's latest rate-setting meeting later on Tuesday.
Before Sunday's ceremony Owen was bookmakers' favourite for his role in romantic drama
Foxx was nominated for three awards but was beaten to the best supporting actor title by Owen and the best actor in a TV movie prize by Geoffrey Rush in The Life and Death of Peter Sellers.
If Jailhouse Rock does reach number one on Sunday, it will be the 999th in the history of the UK pop charts.
Attempts to strengthen internal controls and tighten lending policies have uncovered a succession of scandals involving embezzlement by bank officials and loans-for-favours.
The MSCI World share index, a measure of global stock market performance, hit its highest level this week since early 2001; the BBC Global 30 has risen by 3% in the past week.
The film, directed by Paul Schrader, will be screened on 18 March at the International Festival of Fantastic Film in Brussels.
The Parents stars Robert De Niro, Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand.
Shareholders have also launched lawsuits against the group, claiming it made false statements and inflated sales.
Dionne Warwick, Diana Ross and Tina Turner were among the line-up of performers.
But when it comes time to do a movie, he has to go to one of those gatekeepers," Lee said.
Mr Adams did not believe anyone from Channel 4 or
Changes to mortgage regulation may have artificially depressed figures in November, thus flattering the December figures, analysts said.
Rock 'n' roll legend Elvis is set to top the UK singles chart on Sunday, 27 years after his death.
It compares with 20,479.5bn yen in trade with the US.
Singapore's economy grew by 8.1% in 2004, its best performance since 2000, figures from the trade ministry show.
"We are very pleased with the figures," a BBC spokesman said.
Bat told the BBC at that time that it had not negotiated with the STMC, and secured approval from "the highest levels of government".
She then made her film debut as a sex-starved wife in 1988's The Great Outdoors, opposite comics Dan Akroyd and John Candy.
Guy has published many histories, including one of Tudor England.
A Canadian company, named IOG, is reported to have won the contract to run the Himrin field.
, Ice Cube's road-trip comedy Are We There Yet?, slipped to second place with $17m (£9m), while Coach Carter fell two places to number four, taking $8m (£4.25m) in its third week.
A tie-up, seen as Rover's last chance to save its Longbridge plant, has been pushed by UK Chancellor Gordon Brown.
Its mid-year economic review forecasts growth of 6-6.5% in 2004, compared with 8.2% in 2003.
However, the DTI has dismissed the proposal.
Ukraine has agreed to pay 30% more for natural gas supplied by Turkmenistan.
GM said it was expecting "reduced financial losses" in Europe in 2005.
The group will also perform their own live session.
And he warned that using back taxes to deal with firms like Yukos - a technique now being applied by the Kremlin to several other firms - was a mistake.
With only 13 episodes made of the 1974 series, there is plenty of room to explore the lives of the pink cat, Professor Yaffle and the Mice of the Marvellous Mechanical Mouse Organ.
He also said that the fact the woman waited a year before coming forward, and she had had further contact with Cosby during that time, were also factors in his decision.
This was eight times higher than it had previously stated.
Indonesia is likely to have even lower take-up rates.
But Deutsche Bank has suggested Yukos artificially manufactured a legal case to stop the sale of its main asset.
Adjusted for the seasonal factors, the German jobless total rose by 227,000 in January from December.
Remember the National Lottery's draw machines Arthur and Guinevere?
You find trade unions fighting change.
There was also a shortage of US Airways flight attendants, with nearly a fifth saying they were too sick to work, leading to many flight cancellations.
Qwest said on Wednesday that MCI had rejected a deal worth $8bn.
Prospective members need to enter into negotiations with potential trading countries and change domestic laws to bring them in line with WTO regulations.
The track claimed the top spot ahead of The King's latest re-release, Are You Lonesome Tonight.
Last month, the German exchange tabled a 530 pence-per-share offer for LSE, valuing it at £1.3bn.
Record company Universal is responsible for the global distribution of the single, which will be available across Europe, Asia, South America and Canada.
Ronnie Corbett has joined fellow comedy stars Victoria Wood and David Jason in attacking the declining standards of British television programmes.
Before joining I'm a Celebrity, he had signed up to play Jack in Jack and the Beanstalk in Birmingham, and
"We say 'I like this'.
"It will take until the fourth quarter of next year before tourist visitors in Phuket and five other provinces return to their normal level," said Naris Chaiyasoot, director general at the ministry's fiscal policy office.
The half-point window, some believe, could be enough to keep US assets looking more attractive, and could help prop up the dollar.
He then performed a mellow version of Live And Let Die, the James Bond theme he recorded with the band Wings.
- Philip French, The Observer:
"It was a self-fulfilling prophesy - when I first met her husband [actor Ryan Philippe], I said 'knock her up, won't you, I need some flesh on the girl'," she joked.
"If there's a pap at the end of the road, everyone knocks on each other's doors - Paul comes round, and we warn him, because we don't know who they're after."
It could also have been picked up if he touched or leant on the car when he found the body, or from a police box in which his clothes were later stored.
General Motors (GM) saw its net profits fall 37% in the last quarter of 2004, as it continued to be hit by losses at its European operations.
During the first six months of the fiscal year, Qantas made savings of A$245m, and is on track to top its target of A$500m for the full year.
They are also asking the Sci-Fi Channel to pick it up from UPN and will stage a rally in Los Angeles on 25 February.
The company also said it would resume paying a dividend, after two years in which it focused on cutting debt.
Standard & Poor's upgraded Pakistan a few weeks ago.
It will be produced by a US production company, while the widow of Ian Curtis will also be an executive producer.
Are you able to retain discipline and self motivate to get the job done?
But the disaster has little impact on stock markets in the US and Asia.
The winning bidder at the auction was a previously unknown firm, Baikal Finance Group, which was snapped up days later by Rosneft, a Russian oil firm that is in the process of merging with Gazprom.
Ipod owners can now download the Band Aid single from iTunes after Apple reached agreement with the charity.
This is partly because there are still bank account holders who are waiting to recover some of their deposits.
More than 3,000 people were killed for political reasons under Gen Pinochet's regime, an official report says.
"The economy is producing a moderate but not a satisfying amount of job growth," said Ken Mayland, president of ClearView Economics.
To Be Wrong, backed by a gospel choir, at the 25th award ceremony at London's Earls Court.
Recently, Norwich Union and Axa Sun Life both cut their with-profit bonus rates.
Mr Brown wanted to provide $10bn (£5.38bn)
He added: "The whole world is waiting for this album and it will come out on December 27.
This Morning the show's star, Rowan Atkinson, was "more keen than he has been in the past".
But already they are turning more cautious - an auction of debt in August found few takers.
The BBC's iCan site is up for the technical and social innovation award alongside the likes of Nottingham University's Uncle Roy All Around You.
Viotti's debut at the New York's Metropolitan Opera came in 2000 with Giacomo Puccini's Madame Butterfly, followed by La Boheme, La Traviata and Fromental Halevy's La Juive.
- written, directed and starring Scrubs star Zach Braff alongside Natalie Portman.
The ceremony featured performances from the Beastie Boys, who entered the stage on bicycles and skateboards, No Doubt singer Gwen Stefani being lowered from a giant clock and Nelly doing a duet with Pharrell Williams.
The deal, which requires regulatory approval, is expected to be completed by April 2005 and to be earnings accretive in 2006, Standard Chartered said.
The fact that they will be forgotten in 6 months time is irrelevant
The Georgia pair's year of critical and commercial triumph leaves them with a tough act to follow - what can be next for a musical act that has done it all?
The SEC's investigation into so-called related party transactions includes dealings in the Trident Funds, managed by MMC Capital, the company's private equity firm.
Broadway, and now London is the same, special effects are in great demand.
Australian mining firm WMC Resources has said it is worth up to 30% more than a hostile 7.4bn Australian dollar ($5.8bn; £3bn) bid by rival Xstrata.
"We are going to go that way."
Government policy sees the bank listings as vital economic reforms.
He later secured the film rights from Paramount, enabling them to use the title
The 1997 novel Detective proved to be Hailey's final book, when at the age of 77 he decided to retire.
It has now diversified into a range of other leisure activities - mainly in the UK - including hotels, roadside service areas and holiday centres.
Organisers say this year's Berlin Film Festival, which opens on Thursday with period epic Man to Man, will celebrate a revitalised European cinema.
The list also draws attention to the growing influence of US broadcasting regulator, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
On Tuesday, the US administration asked Congress for additional funds for military operations.
" In an effort to pre-empt rising inflation, the Federal Reserve has pushed through three quarter-point rate rises since June this year, taking borrowing costs to 1.75%.
U2's contemporaries, the Pretenders, led by Chrissie Hynde - took to the stage to perform My City
Obviously with a lot of loss of life, a lot of time is needed to clean up the mess, bury the people and find the missing.
The BBC is yet to confirm the final two stars who will battle it out to become Ice King or Queen.
However, at one factory near the Dutch border things are changing.
Solidere, in which Mr Hariri was a major shareholder, was the major drag on the index.
And British actor Clive Owen is hoping to repeat his Golden Globe success with a best supporting actor award for his role in Closer.
New EU rules set compensation at between 250 euros (£173) and 600 euros, depending on the length of the flight.
His Latest Flame, entered the chart at number three, one place ahead of Girls Aloud's Wake Me Up.
The company has two manufacturing sites in County Durham.
He explained that initially, his firm is going to export building materials to Spain and United States.
but I am not sure it can last too long."
"I personally don't believe it's either dead or going to die, but it's going through a bit of a fallow patch.
Minutes of the December meeting which pushed rates up to 2.25% showed that policy-makers at the Fed are worried about accelerating inflation.
"China won't allow any new tobacco factories to be built, including joint ventures", said Xing Wangli, a spokesman for the State Tobacco Administration Monopoly quoted in China Daily.
In addition, the Labor Department revised up the number of jobs created in the two previous months - to 139,000 in September instead of 96,000, and to 198,000 in August instead of 128,000.
Getting companies and business up and running also may play a vital role in helping communities recover from the weekend's events.
But while some reviewers have been won over, there has nonetheless been a significant backlash.
On Monday, Germany's BdB private banks association said the German economy would struggle to meet its 1.4% growth target in 2005.
"Overall I see a low risk of the economy falling into serious recession," said Bank of Japan chief Toshihiko Fukui, despite warning that other indicators - such as the growth numbers - had been worrying.
On Thursday, the Times simply printed a picture of the plastic tents going up outside the Kodak Theatre to protect the red carpet from rain.
BP put production for the year at 3.997 billion barrels of oil, up 10% on 2003, but slightly lower than the four billion barrels it had initially aimed for.
The LSE, Europe's biggest stock market, is a key prize, listing stocks with a total capitalisation of £1.4 trillion.
I think we are on track," said Mr Takenaka.
The move comes after the two sides failed to come to an agreement after six months of talks.
Call it a tax on music "pollution", if you like.
The IMF however remains cautious about what it sees as a lack of transparency in government actions.
"Only in the theatre are we actually plunged into the events as they happen.
She made her first Carry On film in 1969 where she appeared in Carry On Again Doctor.
Jamie Foxx and Hilary Swank have won the Screen Actors Guild Awards for best male and female film actors, boosting their Oscars hopes this month.
Fidel Castro's decision to ban all cash transactions in US dollars in Cuba has once more turned the spotlight on Cuba's ailing economy.
In southern Asia that expansion is 23%. "
Bratman, 26, proposed to Grammy-winning singer Aguilera, 23, on holiday at an undisclosed location.
The festival itself runs until 24 January.
"I've had a great few years, met some really incredible people and been given some wonderful opportunities," the presenter said.
"I think that prices are now beginning to set a new range
This is not Nirvana unplugged.
New sections added to this year's festival include Cinema of the Future and Cinema of the World, with special focus on Russian and south-east Asian productions.
Scathes of companies went bust.
But analysts said any gains are likely to be short-lived as problems with the US economy were still significant.
"We will return to the state that which was illegally put into private hands."
He said: "We hoped that Imelda Staunton would get a nomination
, takings were down 26.5% on 2003's figures - which was blamed on Christmas falling over a weekend this year.
Its inflation index, which has risen continuously over the last 8 months, climbed to 110.0 in January from 108.0 in October last year.
They said they allowed the pictures to be taken after they were assured they would only be used for a private scrapbook, which they later received as a souvenir.
Any profits would depend on the outcome of legal cases resulting from a change in steel contractor, it added.
Firms that break the new law could face huge fines, while senior executives risk jail terms of up to 20 years.
It had agreed to loan Gazpromneft the money to bid for Yugansk.
And at the 2004 Berlin Film Festival the jury could not choose between her and Charlize Theron's Oscar winning performance in Monster so gave them a tied award.
Where both parents and other relatives are saving on behalf of a child, consideration should be given to opening separate accounts - one for parents' gifts and one for gifts from other relatives.
The winner was chosen by a panel which included X Files actress Gillian Anderson, critic Roger Clarke and Touching the Void director Kevin McDonald.
About 13,000 slaves were used as loan collateral between 1831 and 1865.
Correspondents say 6,000 job losses had been expected - and some suggest more cuts may be announced in future.
"I have no doubt in my mind that in five years, this will be the top Asian film festival in the world."
"It's also important to get some kind of independent assessment of your reporting."
For Thailand, that figure is much lower at 0.1%.
"We wouldn't want to lose them [older fans] by trying too hard by trying to connect with a new audience," the singer said.
"I don't think I would take a five or six-year-old to this," he told the CBS programme, to be aired on Sunday.
"I'm lovin' it" advertising campaign and introduced successes such as McCafe, now the biggest coffee shop brand in Australia and New Zealand.
Airlines have faced tough conditions in recent years, amid terrorism fears since the 11 September World Trade Centre attack in 2001.
Credit card debt is falling, with only one in 13 of the 48 million cards now in default - down from one in eight at the end of 2003.
"But this Michigan survey tells you that the consumer might be downshifting a little bit in terms of their confidence and their spending; this could be an indication of that."
She must also do 100 hours community service, have drug treatment, attend Narcotics Anonymous and pay a fine.
Under the terms of the offer, minority Fox shareholders will receive 1.90 News Corp shares in return for each Fox share they hold.
The US network is not part of the claim, but has supported RDF's action.
In any business, excess supply and low demand means one thing - cut prices," Mr Shipside said.
A lifetime Sunderland supporter and board director since 1984, Mr Murray agreed to buy BSkyB's 4.76% holding in the Wearside club on Tuesday - taking his stake to 42.3%.
"It is now a criminal investigation."
Those people who are lucky enough to pursue their passion to get their pay cheque shouldn't be looking for government subsidies.
"The scary fact is that budget sinners, despite having repeatedly exceeded the 3% deficit limit, do not have to fear any sanctions.
In November, Barclays, which owns former building society the Woolwich, forecast an 8% fall in property prices in 2005, followed by further declines in 2006 and 2007.
have already had one big-screen outing - 1977's Wombling Free.
Trevin Skeens alleges Wal-Mart knew of the offending word because it had censored it on its music sales website.
Prime Minister Tony Blair purchased two copies of the charity single Band Aid 20 in Edinburgh on Friday.
In the main drama category, Forty Shades of Blue was named winner of the grand jury prize.
It maybe that to an audience who have never seen the originals they can watch them without prejudice, but to people who have grown up with all these shows such as Thunderbirds and Magic Roundabout which are part of our childhood, they are never going to live up to expectation.
Prosecutors wanted the cigarette firms to surrender $280bn in profits accumulated over the past 50 years and impose tougher rules on marketing their products.
In the UK sales of song downloads overtook those for physical singles for the first time at the end of last year.
Those vehicles with potential faults are the Chevrolet Avalanche, Express, Kodiak, Silverade and Suburban; the GMC Savana, Sierra and Yukon.
She said employers would be free to continue employing people for as long as they were competent.
But meeting the Lisbon targets requires a political commitment that no EU member state has volunteered so far.
Recent housing market surveys have indicated that the UK property market has cooled in recent months after several years of rapid growth.
The budget for the fiscal year starting on 21 March calls for the sell-off of 20% of the state's corporate holdings.
He said he had received more than 40 business proposals, mostly aviation-related, since the trio announced their resignations two months ago.
The committee found the BBC had succeeded in ensuring subscription-free access to digital channels following the collapse of ITV Digital in 2002.
The figures topped analysts expectations, even though the rate of growth has slowed from 2003.
Why it needed a rebrand I don't know as the name is misleading.
The spruce has an antenna which can receive Bluetooth texts sent by visitors to the Tate.
She also condemned the "complete irresponsibility" of adding Brigitte Nielsen's former mother-in-law Jackie Stallone to the house on Monday.
The number of Americans filing initial jobless claims jumped to 367,000, the highest rate since September.
The actor was originally due to make a fifth appearance as Bond, but was released from his contract in 2004.
The prosecution's star witness, former WorldCom financial chief Scott Sullivan, has said that Mr Ebbers ordered accounting adjustments at the firm, telling him to "hit our books".
Unlike the Oscars, the Golden Globes split awards by genre - one prize for dramas and the other for musicals and comedies.
GDP is a measure of a country's economic health, reflecting the value of the goods and services it produces.
Mr Glazer and his family hold a stake of 28.1%.
The price at which its shares will begin trading will be agreed over the weekend, bankers said.
Veterans Simon and Garfunkel were in 10th place, their comeback tour helping them earn $24.9m (£13.4m) last year.
"France can't sustain a high growth rate without an improvement in the job market.
As well as Brass Eye, Morris was behind another news show satire, The Day Today, and dark sketch comedy Jam.
"It's not a very cool thing to do when you go to 'big' school
I think the issue is more fundamental: should the government be spending money on subsidising a multi-million pound industry when health and education are in such a sorry state?
He said the firm will benefit from world class "strategic partnerships, design expertise and technology, while consumers will have better choice."
" There have been corporate governance issues at some other Japanese companies too.
The festival praises him for his "sensational start" with roles in My Beautiful Launderette and costume classic
Disney failed to tell investors that between 1999 and 2001 it employed three adult children of three then directors.
The study, commissioned by Pact and the UK Film Council, included interviews with industry experts and individuals.
GM added that US truck sales fell 9% in February while car business tumbled 17%, however it did acknowledge that some new products - such as the Pontiac G6 and Chevrolet Cobalt - had put in solid performances.
The general's opponents rejoiced at the settlement, which was agreed in a court in the Spanish capital, Madrid.
A three-judge panel gave prosecution lawyers until Monday to study the documents, when the trial will be reconvened.
The Bravery played their first gig in 2003 and have since supported bands including The Libertines, Interpol and Echo and the Bunnymen.
Similarly on the up was the Smart brand of compact cars, with the division's sales jumping by 21.1% during 2004 to 136,000.
However, the output index is being held back by recent interest rate rises, sterling's strength against the dollar and high oil prices, the group noted.
Remittances now represent more than 2% of the country's GDP, according to the Bank of Mexico's figures.
Small Island, Levy's fourth novel, is set in post-war England and centres on a landlady and her lodgers.
Gazprom and Gazpromneft withdrew from the auction, and Yuganskneftegas was sold to little-known investment firm Baikal Finance Group.
Dame Alicia Markova, who has died in Bath aged 94, was the UK's first prima ballerina of the modern age, and, in her heyday, the greatest in the western world.
"It was a little softer than the consensus, but not a real surprise," said Gary Thayer, an economist at AG Edwards & Sons.
"You have explored the possibilities of film with an immense talent," Mr de Vabres said as he presented the award.
The US court's jurisdiction had been challenged by Deutsche Bank and Gazpromneft, a former unit of Russian gas monopoly Gazprom which is due to merge with Rosneft.
She did deserve it, but I agree with the comments about urban music.
"It gave me a start professionally.
"Jonesboro is a wonderful city because of what does not come here," said the Reverend Adrian Rodgers.
The Easyjet founder also said he planned to add a disclaimer to the Easygroup website to ensure customers are aware the Easymobile brand has no connection to Orange.
And when Tony Blackburn won the first show in 2002, 10.9 million people saw the show.
The 777-200LR, which had its launch delayed by the 11 September attacks in the US, is the fifth variation of Boeing's twin-aisle 777 plane.
(Marvin Gaye v Tuff Jam?), but no doubt have their connections.
Other nominees include Bill Condon for Kinsey and Michel Gondry for Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
It also includes the firms Young & Rubicam and J Walter Thompson.
Four suits worn by the Beatles on their Please Please Me album cover have sold for $110,00 (£59,000) at a US auction.
The MMF's general secretary James Seller said: "Imagine if you were an orchestra from the Orkneys?
His comments came as President George W Bush said the US backed Russian entry.
When President Nestor Kirchner of Argentina arrived in power he began to negotiate a solution to the disagreements with international utilities operating in Argentina.
There is thought to be widespread support for the plan - tabled by France and Germany following the recent G7 meeting of the world's richest nations - from EU ministers.
Giampaolo Vianello, superintendent of the Fenice Theatre Foundation, said: "I am filled with extreme sadness because, other than a great artist, he is missed as a friend - a main character in the latest joyous times, during the rebirth of our theatre."
After becoming a full-time member, Edwards became a critical part of the band, writing lyrics and playing guitar - though in many concerts, he was not actually plugged in.
But India now faces other problems, with aid workers under pressure to ensure a clean supply of water and sanitation to prevent an outbreak of disease.
President Bush focused on the fact that two million jobs have been created in the past year, claiming that it has vindicated his tax-cutting agenda.
The boards of United Bank and Standard Trust, at separate meetings yesterday, approved arrangements to merge both institutions," Standard Trust said.
The awards honour the year's leading artists and songs as determined by their performance on Billboard's weekly charts.
Qantas shares fell almost 3%, however, after it warned that earnings growth would slow in the second half.
Rates are likely to rise after the anticipated general election in
"We've had a much stronger than anticipated final week of the year that helped the industry end on a high note," said Mr Dergarabedian.
Australia is raising its benchmark interest rate to its highest level in four years despite signs of a slowdown in the country's economy.
Mukesh has spoken of ownership issues between the two brothers, who took over control of the Reliance empire following the death of their father in July, 2002.
He added: "It feels good to be selling this stuff, it's a weight off my mind. "
Ignore the labels, it is what it is, just music.
A rose by any other name etc...
The contestants on Stars on Thin Ice will each be paired up with a professional skater and will learn a new routine every week.
"Yes, we have effectively more than five million people unemployed," a government minister said earlier on ZDF public television.
Several members of the US Senate are among those affected, who could now be vulnerable to identity theft.
The agreement is the latest in a string of deals reached by Qatar, which is trying to make itself a regional leader in natural gas.
Others, however, who had stayed out fearing an imminent collapse because of prices overheating, continued to warn that the "bubble may burst any time".
" The original decision was a victory for Greece, where feta cheese is believed to have been produced for about 6,000 years.
Trade and Industry Secretary Patricia Hewitt said people would not be forced to work longer than they wanted, saying the default age was not a statutory, compulsory retirement age.
Comedy sequel Meet the Fockers, in which he stars with Ben Stiller, Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand,
The Aviator - to walk away with the Bafta for best film, and added that Finding Neverland had been lavished with nominations but not trophies.
Against the Japanese yen, it was trading at 105.28 yen, after hitting a seven-month low of 105.17 earlier in the day.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said retail sales rose 0.6% on the month and 6.1% on the year.
" The Stop Murder Music campaign saw protesters picket gigs, resulted in Sizzla's UK tour being cancelled in November, forced Mobo award organisers to drop artists from nominations and saw Beenie Man dropped from an MTV show in August.
Doc Martin (Buffalo Productions, ITV1)
I found him very powerful.
Russia's newspapers claimed that Baikal was a front for gas monopoly Gazprom, which had been expected to win.
It was later commissioned for BBC Three, where it proved a huge success, with the second series also shown on BBC One.
It tells the story of an 18-year-old woman who ages dramatically after falling under a witch's spell.
In January, Marsh agreed to pay $850m to settle the suit - a figure in line with the placement fees it collected in 2003 - and agreed to change its business practices.
He told US TV show 60 Minutes that Revenge of the Sith would be the darkest and most violent of the series.
The best song of the past 25 years?
The action - the biggest claim heard by an employment tribunal in the UK - had been viewed as something of a test case.
If I'm half the person you are and
"They need strong people on the board who do not have a history with the club," he said.
EADS - Airbus' majority owner - admitted earlier this week that the project was running 1.45bn euros (£1bn; $1.9bn) over budget.
It joined the lawsuit in December 2001alleging "massive insider trading" and fraud, claiming it had lost $145m on its investments in the company.
Both films polarised opinion but had critics talking, and the public turning up to see them - Fahrenheit 9/11 breaking US box office records for a documentary, and The Passion of the Christ making more than US$370m (£196m) in the US alone.
About 150 federal programs could be cut or axed altogether as part of a $2.5 trillion (£1.3 trillion) package aimed at curbing the giant US budget deficit.
"Our results for 2004 allow us to improve our financial structure while focusing on the innovation that drives our strategy," said chief executive Thierry Breton.
However, it said the tidal waves were unlikely to have a "significant" impact on its business.
The Achtung Baby album in 1991 was followed by Zooropa, Pop and their corresponding stadium tours, which featured giant olives, flying cars, live phone calls to the White House and Bono's transformation into alter-egos The Fly and MacPhisto.
Dutch firm Heineken saw its annual profits drop 33% and warned that earnings in 2005 may also slide.
Analysts, however, say prices will fall further if inventories continue to rise.
At the start of the year, the US currency, which had lost 7% against the euro in the final three months of 2004 and had fallen to record lows, staged something of a recovery.
Actor Christian Slater is stepping into the role of Tom in the Broadway revival of The Glass Menagerie.
Waterstone's fiction writer buyer Suzie Doore said: "It is great to see Susan Fletcher win in the first novel category.
They have also found success in Japan, Europe and the US.
The Lyric began 50 years ago but the doors opened at its present site on the Stranmillis embankment overlooking the River Lagan in 1968.
She, above all, helped popularise ballet both in Britain and in America.
Other US carriers, including United, have sought bankruptcy protection, amid high fuel costs and competition from discount carriers.
I do agree that the government should help to fund music but there is also a responsibility held by record companies!
That's particularly disappointing because originally there were meant to be commentaries and stars Gerard and Gray had agreed to do them.
Wal-Mart's average pay is almost twice the national minimum wage of $5.15 (£3.90) an hour, while employees are offered health and life insurance, company stock and a retirement plan, the adverts say.
last May. The Critics' Circle named Rebecca Lenkiewicz its most promising playwright for The Night Season, and Eddie Redmayne most promising newcomer for The Goat or, Who is Sylvia?
Venezuela has previously assured foreign companies with operations in the mineral rich country that it respects existing contracts.
"The new structure in each genre is designed to ensure that happens," she said.
Most respondents also said their national economy was getting worse.
Definitely Maybe, Really Bend It Like Beckham, The Chaplin Collection and The Day
His comments come three days before he is due to meet President Vladimir Putin.
The sequel narrowly beat its 2001 predecessor, Ocean's Eleven which took $38.1m (
Earlier this month figures showed that job creation is still weak, while consumer confidence is subdued.
Shortly after the poll, which Mr Kerekou won, Benin officials agreed to quadruple Titan's management fee.
The Argentine authorities are proud, should be proud, of the strong performance of the economy," Thomas Dawson, an IMF director, said earlier this month.
Its main drug, desmoteplase, is based on a protein in the bat's saliva.
New York band Scissor Sisters have won a gig of the year award for their performance at this year's V Festival.
A three-judge panel of the court held in 2003 that the band had abided by copyright protections by paying a licence fee for a sample of Mr Newton's recording.
Concerned that it would be caught up in a court battle,
She subsequently joined the company in January 2003.
The move is likely to be seen as the latest twist in a feud between Mr Ambani and his brother Mukesh.
Partly based upon Alan Bennett's experience as a teacher, The History Boys has been at London's National Theatre since
Despite the rise in unemployment, jobless figures are still some way below historical highs of recent years.
Any board has a responsibility to consider a bona fide offer proposal," the club said in its statement.
Sir Cameron said he hoped the production, which cost £9m to bring to the stage, was a blend of the sweet-natured film and the original book by PL Travers.
Although Mr Marchionne does not have a background in the car industry, he has been playing an increasing role in the group's activities.
Young book fans have voted Fergus Crane, a story about a boy who is taken on an adventure by a flying horse, the winner of two Smarties Book Prizes.
"If the economy pans out as they expect then they are probably going to have to hike rates."
Certain broadcasters, like Fox, claim the material they carry does not violate indecency laws and is protected under the right to free speech.
Sir Richard's show sees a group of young entrepreneurs compete to become the president of his business empire.
It was thought that Faltskog would appear in London for the musical's fifth anniversary celebrations in April 2004
We haven't seen the last of them," he adds.
surely deserves his own film vehicle.
Another high profile financial firm, China Life, is facing shareholder lawsuits and a probe by the US Securities and Exchange Commission following its 2004 New York listing over its failure to disclose accounting irregularities at its parent company.
In both cases, their shares fell by some 4%.
Jayanti Amarishi Buhecha from Cambridge was found guilty of two trademark offences last month, and sentenced at Harrow Crown Court, London, on Tuesday.
Lee is best known for his work on Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk.
India has raised the limit for foreign direct investment in telecoms companies from 49% to 74%.
Also playing on investors' minds are mixed reports about the state of the US economy.
Oasis originate from a city and characterise the urban life they know, therefore more than fit the term "urban" yet as they're a white rock band they won't be described as such.
although some way off the peak of 43% seen in the first quarter of 2004.
With the deficits that we are now running, I am glad the president is coming over with a very austere budget," he said.
so where do get off applying this uninformed filter and casting this ridiculous vote.
- Steven Gaydos, Variety: Film - Million Dollar Baby; director - Clint Eastwood; actor - Don Cheadle; actress - Imelda Staunton.
A Mini One bought when the model was launched
BBC Radio 1 DJ Trevor Nelson, NME editor Conor McNicholas, Top of the Pops presenter Fearne Cotton, Glastonbury organiser Emily Eavis and BBC Radio 2 music editor Colin Martin.
Ross, who is the presenter of BBC One's Film 2005, was also involved in the deliberations.
The deal gives Inbev, the world's biggest beermaker, near-total control over the Russian brewer.
Disney was unavailable for comment.
"This is the bill for their mismanagement over the past years," said HVB analyst Peter-Thilo Halser.
To qualify for this year's payment, customers must have been members for at least two years on 31 December 2004.
He now plans to take Fightstar on tour.
Motley Crue recently reunited after being apart for a period of five years.
The first contest was organised by the European Broadcasting Union, or EBU, in 1956, and has become an annual event pitting pop giants against musical minnows - with often surprising results.
and multiple Oscar nominee Million Dollar Baby completed the top five.
A lot of Arab money, he says, has already gone to Malaysia and Indonesia.
A weak dollar helps boost exports and narrow the current account deficit.
(e.g. Starsky & Hutch)
Scottish-based band Snow Patrol, who finished 14th in the vote and have been nominated for a pair of Brit Awards, were among the performers who covered well-known Scottish pop songs at the party on Wednesday night.
They released two Ireland-only singles, which topped the national charts in 1979 and 1980, leading to a deal with Island and their debut album Boy.
Recently however, the booming economy has boosted personal spending power and helped swell the middle classes and the corporate sector.
Twenty of his films are screening in a special retrospective during the festival, which runs until 20 February.
Some tube commuters have not hidden their frustration at the ongoing strike and have broken the windows of the underground trains, according to the local press.
The buy-back is a victory for chairman Mukesh Ambani, whose idea it was.
French writer Christophe Barratie and
The head of Lloyd's of London, the insurance market, has criticised Britain's financial watchdog, the Financial Services Authority (FSA).
The car, unveiled at the Geneva motor show, is intended to compete in the medium-sized luxury car market.
Wasp, which was commissioned by the Film Council and Channel 4, beat films by fellow UK nominees Gary McKendry and Ashvin Kumar to the prize.
Tim Dean, director of the Arkansas State University venue, said ticket sales had been brisk.
The fresh rally in crude prices followed gains on Wednesday which were triggered by large falls in US crude supplies following a cold spell in North America in January.