So when they say, 'the winner is', we have five different pieces of music in front of us
The pair both worked at Bank of China in the northern city of Harbin, the South China Morning Post reported.
The show used to be the only way to discover who was in the Top 40.
The deal will bring together famous stores like Macy's, Bloomingdale's and Marshall Field's, creating the largest department store chain in the US.
I would hate to see more Pop Idol-type funding of music though, as it would only serve to reinforce the stereotypes that Alex talked about.
But since then, the general mood on the ground has improved dramatically, in part because the devaluation helped attract fresh direct investment from abroad and stimulate business within Brazil.
GE's net profits were $5.37bn (£2.86bn) for the final three months of 2004, while sales came in at $43.7bn.
Excluding the car sector, sales rose by just 0.3%.
While teaching at the Massachussetts Institute of Technology he spent a month
"[Godzilla's] been working for the last 50 years.
Deutsche Boerse is "trying to buy them off in a sense", he said.
In the meantime, the US Federal Reserve's decision on 2 February to boost interest rates by a quarter of a point - the sixth such move in as many months - has opened up a differential with European rates.
The approach by the 76-year-old owner of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
But the Lisbon targets are about much more than just economic prestige.
Dec. She won a Children's Bafta award for best presenter in December 2001 and also fronted BBC One's Fame Academy series.
But growth of 0.1%...
"Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby affected people emotionally, which is why it will beat Aviator, which was about technical artistry not feelings," Mr Karger said.
It is hoped the museum will also house an education centre.
The Brits has proved to be nothing more than a bargaining tool between the pop moguls to boost band profiles and record sales.
He later opened an exhibition dedicated to Smith in the atrium of Fife College of Further and Higher Education.
If confirmed, that would be the best quarterly showing since early 2002.
"As we mourn his passing, I ask you to keep Charlie's family in your hearts and prayers," chief executive James Skinner said in a statement. "
she said: "It's out of my hands, there's nothing I can do.
The board of Indian conglomerate Reliance has agreed a share buy-back, to counter the effects of a power struggle in the controlling family.
The tie-up comes as the world's top producers are having to contend with falling prices and intense competition.
"I fear that we may have already committed more physical resources to the baby-boom generation in its retirement years than our economy has the capacity to deliver.
Whedon created the character of Buffy in the screenplay for the 1992 film.
Investec chief economist Philip Shaw said he did not expect the poor retail figures to have any immediate effect on interest rates.
Hailey emigrated to Canada in 1947, where he eventually became a citizen.
No further details of the share price or number of shares were given.
Policy-makers also want to make having insurance more of a requirement, but first have to take steps to boost public confidence in the system, analysts said.
And the Guardian takes three of a possible five nominations in the news and sport category for its website coverage of Euro 2004, the Tour de France and the US elections.
"Anyone that says they don't want a zillion screaming fans is a jackass, a liar," he said.
Samsung Electronics and Sony are among other companies working together to reduce costs and speed up new product development.
Clark is also expected to act as executive producer for the upcoming Golden Globe Awards ceremony, which is taking place on 16 January.
A cold spell in north America would start to deplete supplies and could spark further price rises.
The cost of security and other needs around the courthouse has been estimated at $40,000 (£21,000) per day, said Jason Stilwell, a special projects manager at the county administrator's office.
In addition, the company said 2004 net income was affected by a fourth-quarter pre-tax charge taken to reduce the value of a receivable owed to Ford by Visteon, a former subsidiary.
This year's clutch of Oscar nominees have been the least popular for 20 years according to box office figures.
However, Lord Browne rejected calls for a windfall tax on his company's huge profits, saying that in the North Sea it paid progressively more tax, the more profits it made.
US oil prices have fallen by 6%, driven down by forecasts of a mild winter in the densely populated northeast.
The government of Nigeria is hoping to triple cocoa production over the next three years with the launch of an ambitious development programme.
Turkey is to relaunch its currency on Saturday, knocking six zeros off the lira in the hope of boosting trade and powering its growing economy.
The honour, awarded since 1986, honours figures in cinema that the festival feels "particularly indebted to".
McCririck was ordered to leave the house on Monday, following Jackie Stallone, the actor Sylvester's mother, who was first to be evicted.
Many newspapers are investing in new printing machinery that enables them to print more colour pages, or in some cases, have colour on every page.
In the short-term, however, travel companies are cancelling flights and trips.
GMT in Asian electronic trade on Wednesday.
The modest profit rise had been expected by analysts after the company said in December that the poor summer weather had hit soft drink sales in Europe.
President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva promised to reduce unemployment when he was elected two years ago.
The film won the Golden Osella for outstanding technical contribution at this year's Venice Film Festival.
Jackson's defence questioned Ms Kite's credibility, pointing that she worked for the singer's team for less than a week before being fired, and had never met or spoken to the star.
"He isn't bringing any money into the club; he'll use our money to buy it."
India's government has given its backing to cheaper and more accessible air travel.
The ariary was the name of a pre-colonial currency in the Indian Ocean island state.
A breakdown of the latest production figures shows mining output drove the increase, surging 2.1%, while factory output rose 0.3%.
I know it's true that she's not well because she has also cancelled her promotional tour.
"We have warned before that the widespread closure of final salary schemes to new entrants is just the beginning of a much bigger movement away from paternalistic provision," said Ms Sudell.
"Isn't it great" was the comment on the £1,950 throne and "Bob Dylan's old sofa - honest" was written on a dark wood couch priced £4,250.
In April 2004, central government officials ordered a halt to work on the nearby Nu River, which is part of a United Nations world heritage site, the Three Parallel Rivers site which covers the Yangtze, Mekong and Nu (also known as the Salween), according to the UK-published China Review.
Heineken said it now plans to invest 100m euros in "aggressive" and "high-impact" marketing in Europe and the US in 2005.
An entrepreneur from an early age, Mr Holiff served as a rear air gunner in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II, afterwards setting up a drive-in restaurant.
Fidelis Nanga, a journalist based in the Cameroon capital Yaounde, said the government was considering taking criminal action against those found guilty and forcing them to repay any money owed.
The advert described the Star Trek franchise as a "cultural icon".
It is performed by a 40-strong music and theatre troupe in their debut film performance.
The red carpet gala opening night was ditched in favour of a more subdued first night.
The report said the Freeview digital service has had an "impressive" take up since its launch but the BBC must still dispel confusion about the service.
The dollar slid to a record $1.3666 versus the euro on Thursday, before bouncing back to $1.3636.
Her version of Giselle, all lightness and grace, is still considered to be among the finest ever.
In the three-months to January, like-for-like sales showed a growth rate of -0.1%, the same as in the three months to December, the BRC said.
"It's the first time any opera has been translated into a black South African language.
Swashbuckling adventure film
There are already thousands of state-funded musicians out there sitting around, twiddling their thumbs on the "new deal".
It will be their debut performance at the music event which is held over the weekend of 9 and 10 July in Balado near Kinross.
GM and Ford blamed high fuel prices for low sales of big trucks and gas-guzzling sports utility vehicles (SUVs) - the vehicles that provide the biggest profits.
Analysts said Absa's earnings forecast was better than expected.
Opec members said on Tuesday that, given such high prices, the cartel saw no reason to cut its output.
Her departure will come into effect on 1 February and follows the departure of co-chief executive Rebecca Navarednam on 1 January.
The Commission is buckling under the pressure from Germany and France, " EPP spokesman Alexander Radwan said.
Virgin Blue was launched four years ago and now has roughly one third of Australia's domestic airline market.
The report added that a combination of higher taxes, higher savings and/or a higher average retirement age was needed to solve the UK pension crisis.
In September the government introduced subsidies worth up to £4m per film for medium budget films, under new Treasury measures.
"It's still too early for concrete damage figures," Swiss Re's spokesman Floiran Woest told Associated Press. "
The official US policy is that it supports a strong dollar but many market observers believe it is happy to let the dollar fall because of the boost to its exporters.
A fan says she saw Edwards in the hippy resort of Goa, India.
Meanwhile, economists cautioned against reading too much into data from the Federal Reserve showing an unexpected $8.7bn drop in consumer debt in November.
Chief executive Michael Capellas spent last week meeting with shareholders in an effort to win their backing.
The growth figures come about despite a strike earlier this year by about 400,000 public sector worker which closed banks, hospitals, postal services and transport facilities.
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko said as many as 3,000 firms could be included on the list of firms whose sale was being reviewed.
Mr Lacroix said he planned to stay at the label he founded in 1987 although exact details are still to be confirmed.
One of its biggest card issuers, LG Card, was rescued from collapse in December, having almost imploded under the weight of its customers' bad debts.
Celebrating his win, the Oscar-nominated Owen told reporters: "The whole award season is new to me because I haven't won anything before.
In the US, food group Kraft is among firms that already have cut back on promoting sugar and fattening products to the young.
Membership of the Geneva-based WTO helps guarantee a country's goods receives equal treatment in the markets of other member states - a policy which has seen it become closely associated with globalisation.
The company said it would retain more than 90% of Peoplesoft product development and product support staff.
China overtook the US to become Japan's biggest trading partner in 2004, according to numbers released by Japan's Finance Ministry on Wednesday.
The January sales have failed to help the UK High Street recover from a poor Christmas season, a survey has found.
Radio 1's chart show is an institution and remains the station's single most popular show," says JK, also known as Jason King.
Sometimes quality comes in bulk: this set contains no less than 34 John Wayne films ranging from the Westerns and war movies to The Quiet Man.
Download sales are due to be incorporated into the UK singles chart later this year.
"We've had some bumps in the road, but that's only because the festival is still a baby.
Having already donated billions of dollars to the fight against Aids and Malaria, Mr Gates will call on world leaders to support a global vaccination campaign to protect children in developing countries from easily preventable diseases.
The company only began assembling luxury high-powered sedans in China in 2003.
Other films included the Stephen King adaptation The Dead Zone in 1983 and 1985's Clue, a comedy based on the board game Cluedo.
But Age Concern said imposing a retirement age of 65 was "cowardly" and a "complete u-turn".
Miyazaki won an Oscar earlier this year for Spirited Away, Japan's first Academy Award for nearly 50 years.
MCI's directors have backed Verizon, despite it tabling less money.
Knight and drum 'n' bass star Roni Size have released No More in a bid to reduce gun use among young people.
Some 200 new jobs are to be created at the Oxford factory, including modernised machinery and a new body shell production building.
The Aviator, a film biography of Howard Hughes that leads the Oscar field with 11 nominations, was at number six for the weekend with $7.5m (£4m).
Personally, I think it shows that no one has any originality any more!
Cadbury added that its Fuel for Growth cost-cutting programme had saved £75m in 2004, bringing total cost savings to £100m since the scheme began in mid-2003.
The insurer hit the headlines in October last year when it faced accusations of price rigging.
Capital Economics, which has in the past predicted a sharp fall in UK house prices, branded Halifax's findings a "temporary surprise," which would be reversed over the coming months.
Obligatory employer contributions to worker welfare programmes mean that it costs more to hire staff in France than in many other European economies.
Ms Tymoshenko said prosecutors had drawn up a list of more than 3,000 businesses which were to be reviewed.
- Philip French, The Observer: Film - The Aviator; director - Martin Scorsese; actor - Jamie Foxx; actress - Hilary Swank.
Typically it takes about three years from when a decision is taken before a new model hits the streets, Mr Panke said, implying that a BMW crossover could be on the market by 2008.
"Internal and external economic conditions are likely to remain unfavourable in 2005," the Finance and Economy Ministry said in a statement.
Mr Snow's comments may have helped shore up the dollar on Monday, but he was careful to qualify his statement.
A Treasury spokesperson dismissed the latest claims, saying it was "on track to meeting spending rules and the golden rule in the current cycle and beyond".
Herve Gaymard said he would seek action on the issue at the next meeting of G7 countries in February.
"We are a tribute band," said Hynde, 53.
"But I think it's backfiring.
Mr Valentine, who was born in the United States but grew up in Argentina, agreed.
But the clampdown has caused fraudsters to change tack, Retail Decisions said.
And, if it is, then they shouldn't be acknowledged for it even if they're pretty dam good at it?
While domestic demand is set to continue to enjoy rapid growth, foreign sales could come under pressure, analysts said.
But other past winners of the regular Booker Prize, such as Salman Rushdie, JM Coetzee and Kazuo Ishiguro have failed to make the shortlist.
Anne Thompson of the Hollywood Reporter said that Million Dollar Baby was "heart-wrenching".
In London, the benchmark Brent crude price closed down 51 cents at $44.38 a barrel, while New York light sweet crude closed down 25 cents at $48.64 a barrel.
Hollywood veteran Clint Eastwood took the best director prize for Million Dollar Baby while its star Hilary Swank was best actress.
Riots also flared up in the Maghnia region close to the border with Morocco in the west, AFP said.
Heineken's net income fell to 537m euros ($701m; £371m) during 2004, from 798m euro a year ago.
"If we lose we will have to go through a massive re-merchandising process and reorganisation," she said.
It has not yet been determined how much each director will have to pay.
Entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson's US TV show, The Rebel Billionaire, is proving a flop in the ratings.
As sound technicians rushed to fix it, other band members did their best to improvise.
"Godzilla should thank you for this historical and monumental star," said Final Wars producer Shogo Tomiyama.
Are you happy to listen to Vivaldi or Greensleeves, or do you want an immediate response?
The government has set an economic growth rate target of 5% for next year and hinted that would be in danger unless it took action.
And indeed, stock exchange traders around Asia have wasted little time regretting the victims of this week's disaster.
The move is designed to help News Corp attract more investment from the largest US financial institutions, and make it easier to raise capital.
The firm reported worldwide futures orders for athletic footwear and gear, scheduled for delivery from December 2004 to April 2005, of $4.9bn.
The Bank revealed that 48,000 fewer mortgages were approved in January than for the same month in 2004.
Work was expected to be completed by summer 2006, Fairmont said.
They own 29% of United through their Cubic Expression investment vehicle.
Despite a fall of more than $12 a barrel from the record highs reached in late October, the price of crude oil remains almost 30% higher than year-ago levels.
The move comes as the conservative country inches open the door to working women.
Hundreds of fans greeted the star, all wearing Santa hats, and mince pies were on offer.
The country's economy has suffered from an overhang of personal debt after its consumers' credit card spending spree.
Hatcher thanked the show's cast, crew and "a network who gave me a second chance at a career when I couldn't have been a bigger 'has been'".
It has called it "the most ambitious singles release campaign in the history of the UK record industry".
The French co-head of European defence and aerospace group EADS Philippe Camus is to leave his post.
In its first week on home entertainment release the film was the number one selling DVD, with the limited edition version coming in at number 11.
I visualised the pilots at the controls and wondered what would happen if they both got sick.
Out of all the awards dished out yesterday, I'm still trying to find out what people of other races received any sort of recognition or award.
US insurers are likely to have only minimal to no exposure.
Lucas predicted the film would get a US rating advising parents some scenes may be unsuitable for under-13s.
But the news failed to dent confidence that sales will recover in future, with surveyors at their most optimistic in a year - as new purchase inquiries stabilised despite holding at lower levels.
Central to the government's case was a meeting in the Plaza Hotel, New York, on 15 December, 1953.
She is now seeking to be reimbursed for the tour's £5m ($9.3m) costs in a claim filed at New York State Supreme Court.
The best read award, on Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan's Channel 4 show, is part of the British Book Awards.
Consolidation in the US telecommunications industry has picked up in the past few months as companies look to cut costs and boost client bases.
News of the deal had boosted shares in the club on Friday, but the stock slipped back 7% during Monday morning.
It was followed by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Finding Nemo and The Lord of the Rings:
A slew of great new British artists have met UK music fans' demand for great music," said BPI chairman Peter Jameson.
During that time, sales grew a lacklustre 2.9% in 2001 and 2.5% a year later.
The rupee climbed to 43.305 per US dollar on Thursday, up from a close of 43.41.
Accessory vendor Claire's Stores also suffered as an expected last minute shopping rush never materialised, leaving its same store sales 5% higher, compared to a 6% rise last year.
I had no sense his career was going to go downhill."
House prices fell further in November and property sale times lengthened as rate rises took their toll, the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors found.
a year in aid for the next decade.
His film credits include Edge of Darkness, Vertical Limit and Beyond Borders, which starred Angelina Jolie and Clive Owen.
The factory in Trollhaettan has been at the centre of rumours about GM's planned severe cutbacks in its troubled European operations.
Top of the Pops has turned to the star of Elvis Presley musical Jailhouse Rock after the late rock legend scooped the UK's 1,000th number one single.
The US movie also picked up four other accolades including best director for Alexander Payne and supporting actor for Thomas Haden Church.
And last summer, economists at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PWC) warned house prices were overvalued and could fall by between 10% and 15% by 2009.
Depp's charismatic performance drew an audience of adults and children alike into Barrie's vivid imagination, and he was called the "fifth child of the group" by the film's director Marc Forster.
sci-fi thriller Primer, written and directed by Shane Carruth.
Comedian Chris Morris, who created controversial TV show Brass Eye, is to return to screens with a new sitcom about a spoof London media worker.
She lost in that category to The Aviator.
They signed with independent label Domino, home of Smog, Sebadoh and Four Tet, in June 2003.
"The region that's affected is very big so we have to check country-by-country
The Office became a surprise US success when it was screened on cable channel BBC America.
Good rains, increased use of fertilizers and improved seeds contributed to the rise in production.
Ray has been nominated in six Oscar categories including best film and best actor for Jamie Foxx.
A major reform of Brazil's bankruptcy laws has been approved by the country's Congress, in a move which it is hoped will cut the cost of borrowing.
Former Beatle Sir Paul McCartney is second on the list with £800m - up £40m on last year.
ICBC's profits were 74.7bn yuan ($9bn; £4.8bn) in 2004, the bank said in a statement.
It followed nominations for the Brit Awards and the Mercury Music Prize.
- they are worried about the risk of going abroad,
Government figures have confirmed a widely reported slowdown of the UK's housing market in late 2004.
Yukos said it would consider its options in light of the ruling.
Two other new entries, a remake of the 1965 film Flight of the Phoenix, and the teen comedy Harold and Kumar
The order can be seen as good news for Boeing, which in recent years has been overtaken by European plane maker Airbus as the world's biggest-selling plane maker.
Charlie Simpson took his new band Fightstar to the stage on Friday night, just hours after officially announcing his departure from pop band Busted.
Rosneft officials were unavailable for comment.
"That's the People's Choice Awards.
Widely leaked to the German newspapers a day in advance, they produced screaming headlines criticising Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrat-Green Party administration.
However, the routes don't currently make a profitable contribution to our business and we are unable to sustain them while this remains the case.
Airbus head Noel Forgeard is now set to replace Mr Camus, bringing the company's power struggle to an end.
With Vera Drake star Imelda Staunton nominated for best actress alongside Kate Winslet, Britain has a good chance of victory - on paper.
However, the LSE said the cash offer "undervalued" both its own business and the benefits of such a tie-up.
In addition, low interest rates meant that "long-term investment returns are well below historic levels", Mr Gill added.
NTPC has said it will use the money from the share sale to feed the growing needs of the country's energy-starved economy.
Another favourite solution is Premium Bonds.
The disappointments overshadowed increased production targets for Cairn's existing oilfields.
Predicted chart-topper
Music made in the inner cities?
The problem facing South Korea is that many consumers are reeling from the effects of a credit bubble that only recently burst.
"The task is not simply to double GDP; instead it is to use GDP to qualitatively improve people's lives," Mr Gref told Kommersant.
Monica Chadha, BBC Delhi reporter, said air travel in India had increased by almost 20% from the previous year and was expected to rise even further.
Following his lecture, Dr Greenspan - who received an honorary knighthood from the Queen at Balmoral in 2002 - was awarded an honorary fellowship of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
The North East showed the highest rate of inflation at 26.2%, followed by Yorkshire and the Humber on 21.7%, and the North West on 21.1%.
The current account deficit, meanwhile, hit a record $166bn in the second quarter of 2004.
Some 2,000 business and political leaders from around the globe will listen to UK Prime Minister Tony Blair's opening speech on Wednesday.
There are plans to tear down old buildings and build new ones and there are rumours that a new paint shop could be included in the plans.
Some are for comedy shows, some are new-type projects.
However, if she picks the wrong man, then the impostor takes the money.
Give this to someone on 24 December
Its inflation index, which has risen continuously over the last 8 months, climbed to 110.0 in January from 108.0 in October last year.
LG card's creditors fear that such a move would triggered massive debt redemption requests that could bankrupt the firm, which owes about $12.05bn.
The paper says it will go before the House of Commons on 23 February.
Air passengers who are unable to board their flights because of overbooking, cancellations or flight delays can now demand greater compensation.
Grantham hit the headlines in May after a newspaper printed photographs of him apparently exposing himself via a webcam from his dressing room.
Japan Airlines said it had looked at both aircraft before choosing the 7E7, also known as the Dreamliner.
In the states they tend to use hip hop and R&B, if I say hip hop here
Citizens Bank and Canal Bank are the two lenders that were identified.
Kudrow's Friends co-star, David Schwimmer, plays a divorced drunkard in Duane Hopwood, while Brosnan stars as a hit man in comedy The Matador.
Meanwhile, UK-based firm Aggregate Industries said it had agreed a £1.8bn takeover by Holcim.
However, many experts, including the World Bank, have pointed out that it is still difficult to assess the magnitude of the disaster and its likely economic impact.
£19.8m) on its opening weekend and $184m (£95.8m) in total.
It its place, the AFI fears, is a news landscape where "newscasters are more personalities than journalists" and balance and integrity are increasingly ignored.
Most of the critics tipped Jamie Foxx and Hilary Swank to scoop best actor and actress for Ray and Million Dollar Baby respectively.
The Game also made a contribution to the Compton schools music programme.
Film - Sideways; director - Clint Eastwood; actor - Jamie Foxx; actress - Kate Winslet.
The firms denied that they are about to link up, but said they are examining ways of working more closely together.
Geraldine McCaughrean has picked up the children's fiction award for the third time for Not the End of the World.
"The tabloid thing has been difficult at times," Cook said.
The Vestey Group said it had owned the land since 1920 and would co-operate fully with the authorities.
Factory manager Herbert Stueker says that he now hopes to increase productivity "by nearly 30%".
While this rescheduling and recent softness is disappointing, it does not change my views of the improving health of the global recorded music industry," he added.
European firms have protested that US laws introduced after the Enron scandal make Wall Street listings too costly.
And who to play the lead role?
Keanu Reeves' supernatural thriller Constantine dropped a place to three.
All major UK regions, apart from Northern Ireland, experienced a fall in annual growth during December.
"We have said as much to the Americans.
Christian Andersen's fairy tales are timeless and universal," said Jarre.
Three film studios are said to be interested in buying film rights for the book, even though it is not finished yet.
The judges called Guy's My Heart is My Own: The Life of Mary Queen of Scots "an impressive and readable piece of scholarship, which cannot fail but leave the reader moved and intrigued by this most tragic and likeable of queens".
Growth in industrial output - the main target of government efforts to impose curbs on credit and investments - was 11.5% in 2004, down from 17% the previous year.
Clint Eastwood's boxing drama Million
, let's celebrate her victory
The lawsuit said the star has endured mental and physical injuries as a result of the alleged incident.
The FDI relaxation coupled with rapid local market growth could really ignite interest in the Indian telecommunication industry," added Ernst and Young's Sanjay Mehta.
In the space of one year - between 2002 and 2003 - CD album sales fell by 13.8%.
A film that follows a group of alienated youth in a Paris suburb as they prepare to perform an 18th Century play has won France's top cinema award.
"I'm not interested in the publicity.
"Most of the disgruntled shareholders of Deutsche Boerse are complaining that the money that is being used for the bid could be better placed in their hands, paid out in dividends," Mr Faraj continued.
Mr Chavez has also invited Chinese firms to bid for gas exploration contracts which his government will offer next year in the western Gulf of Venezuela.
The growth in the DVD market and a sharp increase in sales of digital music ensured a strong market in the US.
Its winners often go on to win Oscars.
In the supporting categories, Cate Blanchett is tipped to win for her performance as Katharine Hepburn in The Aviator, while Morgan Freeman is favourite to take home his first ever Oscar, for Million Dollar Baby.
Her comeback song Bout featuring Rah Digga only just scrapped into the top 40.
There were calls for it to be cancelled in 2003 during the war in Iraq, but as it didn't stop during World War II or the Vietnam war.
The firm is the largest utility company in India, and the sixth largest power producer in the world.
The awards will be hosted by American Idol presenter Ryan Seacrest, and will feature performances by Usher, Gwen Stefani, Nelly and Green Day.
after getting five nominations.
"It's a pretty good growth rate, but it may not be good enough to create enough jobs," said Robert Brusca, chief economist at Fact and Opinion Economics in New York.
San Francisco police said they could find no record of his arrest.
In contrast, Inbev's European business saw volume sales fall 2.5%, although Central and Eastern European sales rose 12%.
"The possibility of carrying out this project is next to zero," said Atinc Ozkan, analyst at Finans Investment in Istanbul.
He was charged under a law which prohibits indecent dress or expression.
The dinner, on Tuesday, is expected to be attended by more than 800 guests.
The club has also faced calls to appoint executives from outside the club.
So in general leave well alone.
"You need a movie star and someone who is a stand-up comic so they can deal with the vicissitudes of the show.
Chrysler, the US unit of Germany's DaimlerChrysler, was the only Detroit based automaker to boast an increase in market share during the month - with sales rising 8%.
"There's not a sense that it's obvious how it's going to go."
Shares in Southwest fell 65 cents to $14.35 as analysts voiced their disappointment.
and they were enormous concerts."
After Mr Putin came to power, the company's overall effective tax rate rose from 2.6% to 10.4%, and Sibneft was the target of a series of aggressive raids by fiscal police.
A Department for Media, Culture and Sport spokeswoman said: "We're aware that people are experiencing problems, and are working with the US embassy and record industry to see what we can do about it."
Rod Eddington, BA's chief executive, said the results were "respectable" in a third quarter when fuel costs rose by £106m or 47.3%.
Italy's Illva Saronno has agreed to buy 33% of Changyu, the largest wine maker in China.
Services now make up roughly 40% of the economy, and consumer spending and retail banking have become increasingly important.
Guidant is a key producer of equipment that combats heart problems such as implant defibrillators and pacemakers.
Their lawyer, Majeed Memon, said: "We had argued that how can a film say it is telling the true story when the court itself is struggling to find the truth? "
Ozzy said he was "just coming to grips" with what had happened and his opinion of the UK had been lowered after 12 relatively trouble-free years in the US.
Also present at the service was former US president Bill Clinton and singer Harry Belafonte, who gave the eulogy.
and I think you have to be very focused on ballet to want to carry on doing it," she said.
He realised that nothing was perfect
Elsewhere, the BBA added underlying mortgage lending rose by £4m in November, compared to October's £4.29m.
It will be the 21st James Bond film to hit the big screen, and speculation has been rife over who will play the lead.
The appointment of Mahmoud Mohieldin, a reform-minded technocrat, to the new post of investment minister in July was taken as a sign that more sell-offs were on the way.
Companies can, for example, persuade officials to overlook non-payment of taxes.
"Hopefully I'll be staying up to celebrate -
- left over the December holiday period without informing or paying their employees, he said.
"We've all been overwhelmed by the response and can't get it in perspective yet.
"Whether it is identity theft, terrorism, or other theft, in this new complicated world baggage handlers should have background checks and more care should be taken for who is hired for these increasingly sensitive positions," the Democrat senator said.
South Korea's economy is expected to grow by 4.5% this year.
The holding company, owned by the Chinese government, holds most of CAO's Singapore-listed shares.
Under direct threat will be the federal government's ability to make good on its debts to the Social Security Trust Fund.
Who's Your Daddy promises $100,000 (£52,000) to the contestant if she correctly identifies her father.
"The primary factor is the weak dollar," said Victor Shum, a Singapore-based analyst with Purvin and Gertz.
His name [Depardieu] is no longer sufficient to guarantee the success of a film," said Le Figaro newspaper.
But the date has been put back to 17 April to create a "level playing field" for independent labels.
It added that with few employment alternatives available many sacked garment workers could end up in far worse jobs - with some of the mainly female workers forced into the sex trade.
Hopefully manufactured rubbish will die down soon, and let the real artists who worked hard for there glory receive awards.
The nine now charged, who worked as suppliers to Ahold, are accused of signing false documents relating to the amount of money they paid the retailer for promoting their products in its stores.
Robbie did in no way deserve that mantle.
Why a half-baked cheesy ditty like Angels, which has become the anthem for millions of romantic sops (think how many times it was sung on Pop Idol for example, and by whom), should be voted the best song of the past 25 years, is beyond me.
but I don't think we deserved to beat The Office which is a great show and more than just a comedy.
Previous winners of the Forbes award include Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive Fred Goodwin and former Vodafone boss Chris Gent.
"A lot of people don't want to see it happen, but we're responding to the two most important groups - our family and our fans.
Sony Pictures Entertainment vice chairman.
The scandal was a key factor in a global slide in share prices and the reverberations are still being felt today.
There have been a number of warnings that the UK housing market may be heading for a downturn after four years of strong growth to 2004.
Werner Seifert met LSE chief executive Clara Furse amid rumours the German group may raise its bid to £1.5bn ($2.9bn) from its initial £1.3bn offer.
The Magic Roundabout will never appeal to the children of today as it did all those many years ago.
More than 90,000 businesses in all, from massive corporations to tiny shopfronts, have been sold off since 1992, as the command economy built up when Ukraine was part of the Soviet Union was dismantled.
He added Alexander "was not an easy movie, but then I've never made easy movies".
Compliance costs are already believed to be making firms wary of US listings.
Get Me Out of Here drew an average of 10.9m viewers - about four million fewer than the previous series.
"That's rubbish," KSE chairman Yaseen Lakhani told the BBC News website.
Within this, internet fraud totalled £43m, Apacs' figures show.
But Mr Lee said he did not know the rapper had filmed the video and made an album behind bars, and said he was fooled into letting the cameras in.
The best first screenplay award went to Joshua Marston for Maria Full of Grace.
The figure of 5.216 million people, or 12.6% of the working-age population, is the highest jobless rate in Europe's biggest economy since the 1930s.
The film - an Angolan/French/Portuguese production - tells the story of a veteran of the country's civil war who returns home to face a new battle of survival.
If James Brown was the godfather of soul, then Ray Charles was indisputably one of its founding fathers.
Brett Lock of gay group OutRage! said they were "wiping the slate clean".
TUC General Secretary Brendan Barber called for "a commitment to policies that will make a real difference to the lives of working people."
"This is one of the most ambitious projects I have been involved with," said Daldry.
Chief executive Gerd Niebaum stepped down last week and creditors are now pushing for greater control.
Depp has become an unlikely major star, given his preference for taking dark and idiosyncratic roles instead of surefire box office hits.
With figures like this there can be little doubt that many employers will have to reduce future benefits at some point for those staff still in these schemes."
Introducing the band, Springsteen mocked Bono as the man who "single-handedly pioneered the Irish mullet", poking fun at "one of the best and most endearingly messianic complexes in rock 'n' roll".
Other firms that have taken legal action in China, with varying degrees of success, include Yamaha, General Motors and Toyota.
Chinese police have detained three top executives at milk firm Yili, with reports suggesting that they are being investigated for embezzlement.
In October last year, it announced the closure of one of its two Welsh factories.
The threat of higher raw material costs also hit industries such as carmakers.
The plan was put forward by G7 finance ministers over the weekend.
"Let's wait until we see how growth and employment bear up under the fourth quarter's energy price drag before concluding that the Fed has more work to do in 2005," said Avery Shenfeld, senior economist at CIBC World Markets.
French actress Audrey Tautou, star of hit film Amelie, will play the female lead in the film adaptation of The Da Vinci Code, it has been reported.
It is to close the Mercedes factory in Sindelfingen on Monday and Tuesday.
MCI shares jumped on Friday, hitting their highest level since April 2004 amid speculation that it would be the focus of a bidding war.
According to a statement from Mr Spitzer's office, the Marsh executive admitted he instructed insurance companies to submit non-competitive bids for insurance business between 2002 and 2004.
"While in Fahrenheit 9/11 there are moments of comedy, I think the way that Super Size Me is put together - the fact
Sales at clothing and clothing accessory stores jumped 1.8%, while sales at general merchandise stores, a category that includes department stores, rose by 0.9%.
That's how far we are at this stage," said Mr Siregar.
The head of Christian Brothers' school St Fintian's, Richard Fogarty, said the video implied that the 24-year-old pop star had attended his school and was abused there.
It's not exactly groundbreaking.
"The main reason is probably that the domestic economy is still weak, particularly in the retail trade.
" Films with "medium" budgets of up to £9m, a similar level to box office hits Vera Drake, Calendar Girls and Enduring Love, are expected to be worst hit by the tax clampdown.
but this is a natural development following the changes introduced last year.
McCaughrean, who went into magazine publishing after studying teaching, previously won the category in 1987 with A Little Lower than Angels and in 1994 with Gold Dust.
"Their greatness has become clear with Speakerboxxx/
"France still has a strong economic growth," said Marc Toutai, an economist at Natexis Banques Populaires.
He is the only non-Nato member leader invited to attend the summit.
The line has the support of the Mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, business groups and the government, but there have been three years of arguments over how it should be funded.
There have been an estimated five million Freeview set-top boxes sold since the launch and prices have fallen considerably.
The ceremony will be televised on ITV1 on Thursday.
Mr Karger, whose favourite film of the year was Mike Leigh's abortion drama Vera Drake, stayed upbeat about the awards despite his other comments.
More than 153,000 people are expected to travel to Mr Eavis' Somerset farm from 24-26 June, but the event's rising popularity has meant an extremely high demand for tickets in recent years.
A study of the United States at war in the past 50 years has picked up one of the main awards at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival in Utah, in the US.
Mobos , but why not Brits????
Mr Spector, known for his work with the Beatles, has claimed that Lana Clarkson committed suicide.
In the final series all the main characters were killed off charging towards German lines after being ordered out of their trench.
The eight remaining contestants are competing for a £50,000 prize, to be donated to the charity of their choice, if they survive a series of public votes.
The Bush administration has taken an increasingly harsh line on Cuba in recent months.
Factory Workers Union secretary general Billy Macaefa blamed the closures on the end of worldwide textile quotas.
You are kidding, right?
But the artists themselves were not involved in the negotiations and have not directly signed up.
The nuclear unit of Russian energy giant Gazprom is reportedly facing a 1bn rouble ($35.7m; £19.1m) back-tax claim for the 2001-2003 period.
Born in January 1934, Rowlands won a scholarship to the Guildhall School of Speech and Drama scholarship when she was just 15.
It said Chalone would be integrated into its existing US wine business.
Allianz, a leading German insurer, said it did not know yet what its exposure would be.
"To call it a jewel is not an over-estimation.
British star Clive Owen is second favourite at William Hill to take the best supporting actor award, for his performance in Closer.
Jennifer Lopez cancelled an appearance at the UK charity premiere of her new movie saying she was too ill to fly.
Some had looked to the G20 meeting for direction.
The country relies on tourism for about 6% of its total economy.
Words of more than two syllables were discouraged.
Julia Roberts won her 10th consecutive crown as favourite female movie star.
Repackage my childhood and sell it to me at an extortionate price!
Wilbur the pig, in the story by EB White.
All of that is a bit overwhelming.
The unemployment rate is measured in the six main metropolitan areas of Brazil (Sao Paolo, Rio de Janeiro, Belo Horizonte, Recife, Salvador and Porto Alegre), where most of the population is concentrated.
Actor Jamie Foxx - who is nominated for an Oscar for playing Charles in the hit movie Ray - dedicated a rendition of Georgia on My Mind to "old friends".
People have such short memories!
"It has been good for us, but also hard for us over the past six years."
"He was courteous, and understated, and he adored gardens, particularly creating them for his beautiful wife.
Over the past few months, delegations of European and other business leaders have been heading to the SEC's Washington DC headquarters to protest.
Snow Patrol's success came after a year in which they made a chart breakthrough with their third album Final Straw.
Swiss drugmaker Novartis has announced 5.65bn euros ($7.4bn; £3.9bn) of purchases to make its Sandoz unit the world's biggest generic drug producer.
"They can complain about it
But economists said there could be a number of reasons for a fall in the borrowing, which include credit cards and personal loans, while noting that such figures can vary on a month-to-month basis.
Singapore's economy had contracted over the summer, weighed down by soaring oil prices.
But she is taking her time committing to her next project, hoping to land a strong Spanish script and would love to be able to work with directors Pedro Almodovar or Alejandro Amenabar.
And on 26 November singer Brian Harvey quit as a contestant after he had a blazing row with Janet Street-Porter.
- mean there are eight fully-operational Islamic banking groups in the country.
India continues to post excellent results thanks to increased promotion and product development, but also to the upsurge in business travel driven by the rapid economic development of the country," the WTO said.
Digital multi-channel TV is continuing to be the strongest area of growth, with the BBC reporting Freeview box ownership of five million, including one million sales in the last portion of 2004.
For 2004 as a whole, eBay earned $778.2m on sales of $3.27bn.
S&N will buy a 17.5% equity stake in United, maker of the well-known Kingfisher lager brand, and make a public offer to buy another 20% stake.
China's banks used to act as cash offices for state enterprises and did not require checks on credit worthiness.
The Caribbean island's government said Disney planned to film in Dominica.
As part of the deal, Federated - owner of Macy's and Bloomingdale's - will assume $6bn of May's debt, bringing the deal's total value to $17bn.
" There may be a perception that war, terrorism and religious and political divisions are making the world a worse place, even though that has not so far been reflected in global economic performance, says the BBC's Elizabeth Blunt.
Travelers had sales of $5.2bn in 2004 and made a profit of $901m.
The original book by George Abbott and Richard Bissell will be revised by playwright Peter Ackerman, who co-wrote the screenplay for the movie Ice Age.
Foreign sales increased by 8.2% last year, compared with a 0.3% slide in private consumption.
He hinted at discontent with the current state of music industry, and said: "I don't really think that there is anyone in the modern pop business who I feel I want to spar with."
It is reported to be keen on buying a 15% stake in oil unit Yuganskneftegas.
Green groups say putting pressure on supply chains is a major way companies can reduce their environmental impact.
It also criticised the high tariffs imposed by both developed and developing nations.
The two sides settled out of court in a deal that has remained secret apart from the fact Mr Evans' name has appeared as a producer when the film's credits roll.
One man also died of a heart attack, and a woman fell to her death during the free party.
The European Central Bank (ECB) left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 2% on Thursday.
Mr Zombic said that this legal framework was a "huge problem".
Analysts said the defence documents provided more details on WMC, and may trigger a possible rival bid.
Vera Drake star Imelda Staunton has 5/1 odds of winning the best actress Oscar at Bet 365 and William Hill, ahead of fellow UK star Kate Winslet who has odds of 25/1 at William Hill.
It's not just true in the movies, it's also true in the theatre.
Winslet said she was "ecstatic" about the fourth Oscar nomination of her career, this time for her lead role in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
Nair said that she jumped at the chance to work on the film, which she has - controversially - made in a Bollywood style, including two song-and-dance routines in the film's second half.
The European Union estimates that the global trade in pirated wares is worth more than 200bn euros a year (£140bn; $258bn), or about 5% of total world trade.
Her parents were comfortably off - her father, a mining engineer, drove a Rolls Royce.
UK banking icon Barclays was founded more than 300 years ago; it has operations in over 60 countries and employs 76,200 staff worldwide.
The UK's biggest brewer, Scottish and Newcastle (S&N), is to buy 37.5% of India's United Breweries in a deal worth 4.66bn rupees ($106m:£54.6m).
The World Health Organisation (WHO) said 700,000 people in poor countries were on life-extending drugs - up from 440,000 six months earlier but amounting to only 12% of the 5.8 million who needed them.
Stan Lee, the man responsible for a string of comic superheroes that have become household names, has won a court battle for a slice of the profits from the hit Spider-Man movies.
Wal-Mart, the largest US retailer, has said its December sales are expected to be better than previously forecast because of strong post-Christmas sales.
Kidman sought the "apprehended violence" orders - normally used in Australia in cases of domestic violence and similar incidents - after being advised to do so by local police.
" The world's largest retailer has not yet decided whether to resume firearms sales in California, company spokesman Gus Whitcomb said.
Fans will then vote as usual to pick the all-time best Eurovision song during the show in Denmark in October.
The company was not available for comment.
The overwhelming majority of the victims will have had no insurance: according to estimates from India, only one-quarter of those affected there were wealthy enough to afford insurance, and only one-quarter of that group at most will have taken out policies.
"We believe the only significant bidder at the auction on Sunday is Gazprom," he said, referring to Russia's natural gas giant.
The winners from 12 different categories are crowned on 2 March 2005.
How far are the Brits removed from inner-city music and what people are doing?
Sideways was also among the winners, taking the prize for best cast performance.
He added: "While we will review the assumptions made by Grant Samuel in detail, we are extremely sceptical of their conclusion, and suggest that WMC shareholders take extreme care in presuming that these optimistic assumptions are capable of being realised."
The organisation has found itself in trouble after being accused of helping to topple Georgia's former president.
Even the International Monetary Fund (IMF) admits this. "
Nationally, house prices rose at an annual rate of 10.7% in December, less than the 13.7% rise the previous month.
The Institute also cited the death of actor Marlon Brando and the changing landscape of TV news in the US.
After receiving his award for best TV comedy actor with Walliams, Lucas said: "It's a great honour to be nominated alongside Ricky Gervais and Martin Clunes."
At the same time, about 100,000 people are expected to converge on the Brazilian resort of Porto Alegre for the World Social Forum - the so-called "anti-Davos" for campaigners against globalisation, for fair trade, and many other causes.
Mr Khodorkovsky is in jail, and on trial for fraud and tax evasion.
The alliance comes as a badly-needed boost for loss-making Mitsubishi, after several profit warnings and poor sales.
India imports about 70% of its total oil consumption.
Keane won best British album and breakthrough act.
Davis, who was married to actress Ruby Dee, was found dead on Friday in his hotel room in Miami Beach, Florida, where he was making a film.
This was a return to the "weaker pattern" of lending seen in the last months of 2004, the BBA added.
However, a recut version of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ, which featured less violence than last year's original movie, took just $239,850 (£125,000), despite opening in 957 cinemas.
Steel analyst Peter Fish, director of Sheffield-based consulting group MEPS, said the extent of CVRD's price rise was "uncharted territory", adding that the steel industry "hasn't seen an increase of this magnitude probably in 50 years".
The original film, released in 1980, has spawned ten sequels based around mask-wearing murderer Jason Voorhees.
Bosses of Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange are to meet amid talk that a takeover bid for the LSE will be raised to £1.5bn ($2.9bn).
"I went to see this group, Raw T - which stands for Realise And Witness Talent -
Now he is attempting to prevent Morrison releasing the album on Monday through another label.
Also performing at the ceremony was veteran musician Jerry Lee Lewis who continued his reputation as a rowdy piano-pounder despite his 69 years, kicking over his stool and sitting on the piano during a rendition of Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin' On.
She also said that the woman supplied further evidence to prosecutors that she believed strengthened her allegations.
A decision on just how BMW will manage its entry into the new market is due in the first half of 2005.
By buying into Yugansk, ONGC would be able to reduce its dependence on Gulf states for oil imports, Mr Westwood explained, especially as the chances of finding and exploiting resources within India are slim.
Observers said that the move may represent a shift in policy, as the administration of Vladimir Putin puts the protection of national interests above free market dynamics.
The interviews took place between 15 November 2004 and 5 January 2005.
Euronext - formed after the Brussels, Paris and Amsterdam exchanges merged - is reportedly working with three investment banks on a possible offer.
Analysts estimate that a stand-alone AEFA could have a market value of $10bn (£5.3bn).
Thank you for taking a chance and thank you for waiting 15 years to get me to do it."
These orders should help underpin the company's profits.
"It's not about the zeitgeist.
R&B star Keys won four awards herself at the Grammy ceremony in Los Angeles.
House prices were 11.8% higher on the year in the last quarter of 2004, down from 16.3% in the July-to-September quarter, the Land Registry said.
The themes to be stressed by Mr Blair - whose attendance was announced at the last minute - are those he wants to dominate the UK's chairmanship of the G8 group of industrialised states.
Paver is currently writing the second book in the series.
But media watchdog Ofcom has said the the commercially funded public service broadcaster will not be privatised.
Yukos' owner Menatep Group says it will ask Rosneft to repay a loan that Yugansk had secured on its assets.
When she was eight, her mother took a decision which changed her life.
Chinese online game operator Shanda Interactive Entertainment has bought a 20% stake in Sina, the country's biggest internet portal firm.
He was nominated to leave the Channel 4 show by fellow housemates, alongside Happy Mondays dancer Bez.
Jarvis said the sale, which raked in more than the £100
South Korea's top car maker estimates that the Indian market will grow 15% this year, to 920,000 vehicles, reaching 1.6 million vehicles by 2010.
A great deal of credible evidence proves the Biblical version of Jesus' life was true, according to the Bishop.
Mr Valentine, who was born in the United States but grew up in Argentina, was fortunate:
"The excitement is a live performance as a musician," he says.
Cairn made the discovery after having been granted an extension to their drilling licence in January by Indian authorities.
Three senior executives of Ireland's state-owned airline, Aer Lingus, are set to leave early on 28 January after accusations of a conflict of interest.
Would have loved to see Dungeons & Dragons made, but unfortunately the film that it was made into didn't come up to scratch.
" But some analysts believe that the Kok report doesn't come up with the sort of innovative policies and thinking needed to make the Lisbon targets a reality.
A US report issued on Tuesday on behalf of a Congressionally-mandated panel said almost 1.5 million posts disappeared between 1989 and 2003.
The band has sold about two million records worldwide.
"I'm just a girl from a trailer park who had a dream."
- thought likely to be Korea Exchange Bank, also currently in the hands of a US group.
Scrubs star Zach Braff won the award for best first feature for Garden State, which he wrote, directed and starred in.
Never at number 27 and Jailhouse Rock at number 37.
President Putin also suggested that China's National Petroleum Corporation could play a role in the unit's future after signing a commercial agreement with Gazprom to work on joint energy projects.
In addition, the United States has two significant military missions.
Consumer spending has been picking up in recent years after slumping during 2001 and 2002 as the country battled to recover from its first recession of the decade and the World Trade Centre attacks.
Demonstrators took to the streets last week when the cost change was first announced, but police seemed to have restored order.
Gazprom is one of the key players in the complex Russian energy market, where the government of Vladimir Putin has made moves to regain state influence over the sector.
But such success is down to more than music.
In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index may be benefiting in part from the potential for its listed property companies to gain from rebuilding contracts in the tsunami-affected regions of South East Asia.
Air China plans to raise $1bn (£514m) from the flotation.
The cut-off date for swapping tickets is 1 April, when those remaining will go on sale to the public.
Reggae did not correspond with disco in the 70s.
Ten-year-old Dakota Fanning will play Fern, the girl at the centre of the story, in the film to be directed by 13 Going on 30 film-maker Gary Winick.
"Bloom recognizes the darker aspects of Andersen's authorship," Prince Frederik said.
I very much doubt that 'Angels' was even the best song of the week that it came out.
Women now make up more than half of all graduates from Saudi universities but only 5% of the workforce.
He expects his five-year term in office to be judged on Europe's success in meeting the Lisbon agenda.
However Nasdaq, an icon of the 1990s technology boom, recently poured cold water on those suggestions.
The arrival of spring in the northern hemisphere will focus attention on stockpiles of US crude and gasoline, which are up to 9% higher than at this time last year.
But a venue spokesman said more than 5,500 tickets had been sold so far.
The trading scandal is the biggest to hit Singapore since the $1.2bn collapse of Barings Bank in 1995.
The award for best British urban act was voted for by viewers of MTV Base.
They built up their following on the summer festival circuit, opening both Glastonbury and T in the Park, and at a series of "guerilla gigs" at unusual venues including Half Time Orange, a pub next to Leicester City football club's headquarters.
They are taken in by their wicked uncle Count Olaf, played by Carrey, who schemes to get his hands on their fortune.
"What is true is that we are still discussing...
Last year's ceremony attracted the highest audience in four years as viewers tuned in to see Lord of the Ring: Return of the King sweep the board.
Cosby's lawyer, Walter M Phillips Jr, said the comedian was pleased with the decision.
"The special was thoroughly vetted by our standards and practices department to ensure that it was appropriate for broadcast," said a Fox spokesman.
Anshuman Magazine, managing director, of CB Richard Ellis - an international real estate company - told the BBC this was "a big positive step."
Following complaints, the Advertising Standards Authority contacted Five to cease promotion of
Kapranos and his Glasgow four-piece band have been nominated for five prizes at next week's Brit Awards, including best group and best album.
Walter Salles critically acclaimed The Motorcycle Diaries and the forthcoming thriller The Woodsman, starring Kevin Bacon, received three nominations each.
The move by Johnson & Johnson has been widely expected and the firm will pay $76 for each Guidant share, 6% more than Wednesday's closing price.
British director Sean McAllister's The Liberace of Baghdad - about a pianist in war-torn Iraq - won a special prize in the world documentary category.
Both sides hope to reach a negotiated deal over state aid received by European aircraft maker Airbus and its US rival Boeing, Mr Mandelson said.
The Nasdaq is made up shares in technology firms and other companies with high growth potential.
Another Hollywood star is being lined up to co-star, while the rest of the cast will be Indian.
A replacement guitarist has yet to be named by Korn, who are currently at work on their eighth studio album.
At the St Enoch's Shopping Centre in Glasgow, more than 140,000 shoppers - an all-time record - were expected to have passed through the doors by its closing time of 1900 GMT.
The TV host said he understood how people could have thought the musical had gone too far.
I'm not really comfortable with the word urban.
"It is too dependant on the rest of the world."
It's only because the people who were children when these programmes were first shown have grown up and are plundering their childhoods, isn't it?
"It came at the worst possible time," said Hans Goetti, a Singapore-based fund manager.
The ONS is due to publish its second estimate of third quarter growth on Friday.
They have risen to the head of the UK's art rock ranks with an album of songs that are catchy, creative and original enough to sound fresh.
"We are honoured to have won the live and exclusive broadcasting rights for The Academy Awards," said Sky Networks' Sophie Turner Laing.
The film is also in the running for best original screenplay.
It's got nothing to do with what's really going on.
As the world moves on people tend to look more and more into the past to things that make them feel safe.
"We are deeply concerned that the New Year will spell misery for huge numbers of garment workers.
It is expecting annual sales growth of between 1% and 3% for the month.
From Monday, all prices and contracts will have to be quoted in the ariary, which was trading at 1,893 to the US dollar.
Hip-hop performer Akon's Locked Up is at number five, while hotly-tipped Leeds band Kaiser Chiefs have their second chart hit at number six with Oh My God.
The book, which has become an international best-seller in little over two years, is set to be made into a film starring Tom Hanks.
Analysts say improving India's infrastructure will boost foreign investment in other sectors too.
creatives are facing more challenges and more opportunities from technological change.
People take these awards too seriously!
A three-day Elvis convention took place in Blackpool, England, over the weekend with the aim of finding the best European Elvis impersonator.
These tough measures have borne fruit.
Johnny Depp, whose latest role was Peter Pan creator JM Barrie in Finding Neverland, is celebrated as one of Hollywood's most maverick talents.
Danish brewer Carlsberg suffered a 3% fall in profits due to waning demand and increased marketing costs.
jazz composers John Coltrane and Theolonius Monk.
"Work is going on across the music business right now to make sure the new chart works to plan," he said.
Legal experts said Rosneft's purchase of Yugansk would include such obligations.
The Beckhams - who qualify thanks to Victoria's former singing career - are in second place with £75 million between them - up £10m on last year.
This represented a 4.5% gain for the proportion of Japanese films in 2004 compared to 2003.
Shares in Irish oil company Petrel Resources have lost more than 50% of their value on a report that the firm has failed to win a contract in Iraq.
However, many of Cuban's poorest citizens could be worse off as a result.
Rounding out the top five was animated fable The Polar Express, starring Tom Hanks, and festive comedy Christmas with the Kranks.
Altogether, card scams on UK-issued cards totalled £402.4m in 2003.
Hollywood star Tom Hanks was in London's Leicester Square for the UK premiere of Polar Express.
The company has paid out about 300 million euros (£281m; $400m) to cover damage caused recently by four major hurricanes in the US.
The Mexican film-maker, who directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, will produce mainstream movies and smaller Spanish-language films.
In after-hours trading the shares did not move.
Fearing that she had flat feet and weak legs, she arranged for her to have ballet lessons.
Meanwhile, drugs group Eli Lilly is planning a campaign against "false" claims about its product Prozac.
Michael said that the film, directed by Southan Morris, would put his two decades of fame into context.
Despite the bribe, the official did not authorise the waiving of the environmental study requirement.
The Academy was set up in 1927 as a non-profit organisation with 36 members from different film disciplines.
: "The final tune of his final album was Redemption Song - one of the most incredible classics of all time."
The think tank's proposals were made in response to the recent publication of the Pensions Commission's initial report into UK retirement savings.
Veteran comedian and broadcaster Cyril Fletcher has died aged 91 at his home in Guernsey.
Virginia Madsen was also named best supporting actress for her performance in the film.
The winner will work in partnership with the Iraqi Telecommunications and Post Company (ITPC).
Director Anurag Kashyap said the film's release should not be delayed as the book has already been on sale for two years.
He resigned in November to fight the illness.
The show's highest audience came at Christmas 1986, when more than 30 million tuned in to see Den, played by Leslie Grantham, hand divorce papers to wife Angie.
Dance teacher Eve Trew, who has taught ballet for over 48 years, told BBC News she had seen a "vast" change over the years.
Oprah Winfrey will voice a goose, John Cleese will voice a sheep and Steve Buscemi a rat in the 2006 film.
And frankly, we could use the money," Mr Nogar's son Stephen, 57, said before the auction.
A spokesman for the firm refused to comment on the reports, but said any results from the demerger study were likely to be set out when it unveiled its results on Friday.
The government may now find it more difficult to raise taxes, a policy it will have to implement when the economy picks up to help deal with Japan's massive public debt.
Strong Medicine, Hailey's blockbuster focusing on the pharmaceutical industry, was turned into a film in 1986, starring Sam Neill, Douglas Fairbanks Jr and a panoply of former soap stars.
His British-born wife, Joan, suggested he had nothing to lose and, for his swansong, should write the kind of characters he really wanted to create.
And, according to Tass news agency, Gazprom did not make a single bid, leaving the way open for Baikal, which paid above the auction start price of 246.75bn roubles.
He said: "I am gratified by the judge's decision although, since I am deeply fond of Marvel and the people there, I sincerely regret that the situation had to come to this."
"Our financial performance was strong, meeting or exceeding all of our full-year objectives and greatly enhancing our flexibility," chairman and chief executive Richard Parsons said.
But its film division saw profits slump 27% to $284m, helped by box-office flops Alexander and Catwoman, a sharp contrast to year-earlier, when the third and final film in the Lord of the Rings trilogy boosted results.
It just goes to show that the british public do not have a clue about good quality music when they pick Robbie Williams over the beautifully talented Kate Bush and Joy Division.
In a statement, ATR has said deliveries of the aircraft will begin in 2005 and will continue over a five-year period.
He was found dead in the bath of his Paris apartment and died from heart problems, aggravated by alcohol.
Slater won rave reviews for his recent performance in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest in London's West End.
On Thursday there was more gloomy news on the manufacturing front, as the Office for National (ONS) statistics revealed British manufacturing output unexpectedly fell in November - for the fifth month in the past six.
Gross domestic product (GDP) rose by 0.8% in the fourth quarter compared with the previous three month period, the statistical office INSEE said.
He also has substantial stakes in Fairmont Hotels & Resorts, which will manage the Savoy and Simpson's in the Strand, and Four Seasons.
The superhero film was named best animated feature while Brad Bird won best director, writer and voice actor for his role as designer Edna Mode.
In its heyday, Marvel was selling 50 million copies a year.
But it emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy in March 2003 to face competition from low-cost carriers and higher fuel costs.
"International trade must not be governed by a 'race to the bottom' that pitches one set of poor people against another," Mr Pendleton added.
Other films at the festival in the Belgium capital, which runs from 11-26 March, include the US horror hit Boogeyman and the forthcoming sequel Ring 2, as well as a selection of films adapted from the works of Jules Verne.
TOTP2, mixing new music with footage of classic bands.
A pair of trainers containing human bones washed up on the banks of the River Severn have no link to Edwards, police say.
Soon after, nerdy Peter Parker was transformed - after a bite from an irradiated spider - into someone who could crawl up the sides of New York's skyscrapers.
First, however, he is scheduled to direct the season finale of US television series CSI:
You may require an additional wireless access point in the renovated area.
"Money has moved out from India in the first two or three weeks of January into other markets like Korea and Thailand and this upgrade should lead to a reversal.
Child labour laws also mean the young actors can only work for a limited period each week.
The bill, proposed in 1993, has finally been approved by the leadership of President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva.
The most endangered are those who live in the least-developed countries.
A £1.3bn offer from Deutsche Boerse has already been rejected, while Euronext has said it will make an all cash bid.
The dollar was trading at $1.2944 against the euro at 2100GMT, still close to the $1.3006 record level set on 10 November.
CSI's co-producer, Carol Mendelsohn, said the episode would have "more bugs and blood" than usual.
Previously foreign investors had to develop a much larger area, discouraging some from entering the Indian market.
His career breakthrough came in 1982 when he won first prize at the Gino Marinuzzi conducting competition in Italy.
But calls for a shift in Beijing's policy have fallen on deaf ears, despite recent comments in a major Chinese newspaper that the "time is ripe" for a loosening of the peg.
The Inter-American Development Bank estimates that remittances to Latin America and the Caribbean
The movie version of Dan Brown's best-selling novel is being directed by Ron Howard and also stars Tom Hanks.
"I am determined to improve our development and regulatory performance, restore confidence in the company and value to shareholders," said chief executive Tom McKillop.
The Telegraph Group says the cuts are needed to fund an £150m investment in new printing facilities.
The result could be higher interest rates.
Group Menatep, the Gibraltar-based holding company which controls 51% of Yukos, says this was illegal.
Menatep, Yukos main shareholders' group, has also threatened legal action.
Speculation is mounting that the Germans may raise their bid to £1.5bn.
According to a survey by Goldman Sachs & Co, Harris Interactive and Neilsen/
A month later at the V Festival, Prodigy will play at Weston Park on Saturday 20 August and Hylands Park on Sunday 21 August and the Chemical Brothers vice versa.
The suppliers in question are said to have inflated the amount of money they paid, providing auditors with signed letters that allowed Ahold to inflate its earnings.
The trend has taken hold relatively quickly.
In spite of the allegations against him, Mr Botin continues to lead Santander, and was instrumental in the £8.5bn takeover last November of the British bank Abbey National.
"We have to get that under control," said vice-chairman Vivek Paul.
Proceeds from the sales of the Band Aid 20 single will go towards aid relief in Africa, in countries such as Ethiopia and Sudan.
The book has already won the Orange Prize for fiction, and is now 5/4 favourite for the £
More than 800,000 applicants got 9 shares each for 205 riyals apiece.
Keys said she was "very excited", describing Charles as "an artist I admire, miss and respect".
The ruling also means he is entitled to a slice of profits from DVD sales and certain merchandise.
On top of that, 89,000 tonnes of fortified blended food and vegetable oil for "targeted supplementary food distributions for a survival programme for children under five and pregnant and lactating women" will be needed.
New Bruce Willis movie Hostage opened at number four with $9.8m (£5.1m).
The ECB's mandate is to fight rising prices by boosting interest rates - and that could further threaten Germany's hopes of recovery.
Spending is forecast to grow by 3.5% to $2.57 trillion.
R&B stands for Rhythm And Blues, remember!
"I'd love to get a chance to play him some time."
but the song isn't that good!
Comair "deeply regrets the inconvenience to all of our customers caused by the severe winter storm in the Ohio River Valley during the busy holiday season, exacerbated by problems with the airline's crew scheduling system, causing additional flight delays and cancellations," the Delta subsidiary said in a statement.
Chief executive Bill Gammell added: "The more we progress in Rajasthan the better we feel about it."
"The board continues to believe that Mr Glazer's business plan assumptions are aggressive," the statement said, "and the direct and indirect financial strain on the business could be damaging.
Analysts warned that it was still too early to draw too many conclusions from this new set of proposals.
Jonathan Ross, for one, will be very happy if Winslet wins for Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
In 2002, the KSE was the world's best performing stock market, with the index rising 112%.
China already has more than enough cigarette-making capacity, according to a spokesman for the tobacco industry regulator quoted in China Daily.
Odds on Kenzie's victory have been slashed from 4/6 to 1/2, although bookmakers have said they are not ruling out a late rally from former Happy Mondays star Bez.
Its share of the audience soared by 20% in January 2005 compared with last year, and currently stands at an average of 28.6%.
If they can fund football, why not fund music?
U2, Usher, Norah Jones and Kanye West got three each.
Low-cost airlines have criticised the new compensation levels, arguing that the pay-out could be worth more than the ticket.
Its profits were buoyed by one-off gains which offset a profit dip at Warner Bros, and less users for AOL.
Some observers see this as another step closer to a full public listing.
In the final quarter of 2004, businesses increased spending on capital equipment and software by 18%, up from 17.5% in the third quarter.
He concluded: "We define ourselves as a nation by the way we encourage our creativity."
The Court is expected to reach a verdict in the case in the autumn.
The dollar has hit its highest level against the euro in almost three months after the Federal Reserve head said the US trade deficit is set to stabilise.
Meanwhile, Tim Osborne, head of Yukos main shareholders' group Menatep, said that Yukos may have to declare itself bankrupt, and that legal action would be taken, outside Russia, against the auction winners.
"If Paul Giamatti was nominated for Sideways it would be a different game," says Total Film's Jamie Graham. "
"Everyone needs to keep in mind the enormous cost on the part of both creditors and the Argentine society and people that will have been endured by the time a settlement is reached," he said.
The killing, and Fortuyn's death in 2002, convulsed the Netherlands.
The band once fronted by Ozzy Osbourne led a poll of Kerrang!
Privately-held Falic Group bought two cosmetics brands, Hard Candy and Urban Decay, from LVMH in early 2003.
Video games are "big business", the paper quoted Mr Chernin as saying.
UK team and all the viewers that have watched, supported the show and let me gate crash their Saturday morning.
Several jurisdictions, notably the state of California, mandate low emissions for new cars.
Mr D'Souza, who is also the vice-president of the Catholics' national body, has accused the director of the film of portraying a priest in bad light for commercial gains.
Its beer sales have been affected by the sluggish European economy and by the banning of smoking in pubs in several European countries.
Miss Kidman says she's willing to put up with some of it, but it's gone beyond that," she said.
Welch added that he would appear at a church in Bakersfield to explain how he "got to this place in life".
But his lawyer said the money could not be raised on time.
They may have lost some of the edginess and raw, youthful force that propelled them to the top, but they have lost none of the desire or ability to craft songs and albums.
China raised rates by 0.27 percentage points to 5.8% - its first hike in nine years - in October 2004.
But Spider-Man 2 breaks that rule in two.
Twenty-seven British films were made in the UK last year following a drop in funding, compared with 45 in 2003, according to the trade weekly.
"For some reason, especially now I've got a reputation for it, the atmosphere and the joie de vivre that's already going on
European Union finance ministers meet on Thursday to discuss proposals, including a tax on jet fuel, to boost development aid for poorer nations.
Prince Alwaleed's hotel investments include the luxury George V in Paris.
: "Bob was endlessly optimistic about the way Africa would turn out.
Elliott Wilson, editor-in-chief of hip-hop magazine XXL, said the feud would boost publicity for 50 Cent's release.
And The City drew to a close in the US in February.
that chip and pin would "reduce card fraud in the card-present environment". "
The share offer was eleven times oversubscribed.
The latest delegation from the CBI met SEC officials on Wednesday, just before the decision to relax the deadline was announced.
If labels were more willing to put money forward towards smaller breakthrough acts then the government wouldn't have to fork out a great deal.
Last week, MCI agreed to a buyout by Verizon Communications in a deal valued at $6.75bn.
Organisers hope to raise at least £250,000 from the show.
Three years ago, he was invited to perform at the first Super Bowl after the September 11 attacks and performed his specially-written song Freedom.
This is consistent with our own thinking," said Mr Rubinsohn.
The ruling meant the movie - which was filmed in France and used French actors and technicians - was not eligible to compete for French prizes.
US box office total, earning more than $40m (£22m) on the first day of the DVD's release alone.
Analysts said that consolidation in Japan's financial sector was likely to continue and that it was likely to have a positive impact on earnings.
She said the people that had bought the famous name postcards had arrived early and had spent time studying each work.
They offered me their next-best thing, not realising that Vanity Fair had actually been one of my favourite novels since I was 16 years old in an Irish Catholic boarding school in India."
Restrictions were imposed ahead of its flotation in August, to prevent shares being dumped quickly onto the market.
- The Bangkok International Film Festival got under way on Thursday in the Thai capital in the shadow of the country's 5,300 deaths from the tsunami.
"This film was a labour of love for me, and I want to thank everyone involved in bringing it to you, from the cast, to the film director, to the crew.
Despite the Republicans holding a majority in both houses of Congress, the proposals will be fiercely contested over the next few months.
A host of stars are expected to grace the red carpet outside Los Angeles' Kodak Theatre, including Johnny Depp, Cate Blanchett and Leonardo DiCaprio.
A man in his 30s was later taken to University College Hospital, London, with facial injuries, before being discharged.
However, airlines do not have to offer compensation if flights are cancelled or delayed due to "extraordinary circumstances".
Although she grossed more than Prince last year, Madonna remained in second place because of the "monumental" production costs of her tour.
Digital multi-channel TV is continuing to be the strongest area of growth, with the BBC reporting Freeview box ownership of five million, including one million sales in the last portion of 2004.
The comments came as it reported a 6% rise in profits to £280.2m ($532m).
US hip-hop duo OutKast have capped a year of award glory with three prizes at the MTV Europe Music Awards in Rome.
Jeunet was also responsible for directing Tautou in Amelie in 2001, which launched the actress into the mainstream.
Matthew Perry, who played Chandler, has appeared on the West End stage, and has a film, The Beginning Of Wisdom, currently in production.
- Outstanding achievement in opera - Thomas Ades and the Royal Opera House for the world premiere of The Tempest
The study, which claims to be the most in-depth so far conducted, found 60% of women in the film industry hold degrees, compared with 39% of men.
The shares closed down 247p, or 18%, at 1115 pence.
The real question is would Joss Stone would have been that successful doing the music she was doing if she were black?
Morris will direct and co-write Nathan Barley - a character from cult website TV Go Home - for Channel 4.
Evans has taken out the stall with business partner Pete Winterbottom.
he was "always the talented man of the band".
MCI exited bankruptcy in April, having gone bust under previous name WorldCom.
In 2001 though, he started a new company entitled POW!
Its profitability has been hit by a fall in mortgage lending in the United States - the bank's largest single market - following recent interest rate rises.
Dr Reddy's has built its reputation on producing generic versions of big-name pharmaceutical products.
Policy makers in Europe have called the dollar's slide "brutal" and have blamed the strength of the euro for dampening economic growth.
Christian Aid has called on British firms not to simply "cut and run" but look after their workers, in a new report called Rags To Riches To Rags.
Demonstrators in a number of regions blocked roads, attacked public buildings and overturned vehicles, newspapers including El Watan reported.
Consumer demand will remain fragile in many of Europe's largest countries and economies will be mostly driven by growth in exports.
China has 350 million smokers who consumer 1.7 trillion cigarettes a year.
Cairn's shares closed up 64 pence, or 6%, at 1130p on Thursday.
The Pixies will headline the first day of Reading, while Foo Fighters will play on Sunday and Iron Maiden will close the event.
Both the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML) and Building Society Association (BSA) said lending was down sharply.
Still, at least it wasn't Will Young...
It denies having any role, but offices have had to close across the region.
The 18th Century painting has remained in storage but the owner has agreed to allow it to be part of an exhibition.
The unemployment rate stayed at 5.4% in December, and about 200,000 jobs will need to be created each month if that figure is to drop.
Presley's daughter Lisa Marie retains possession of Graceland and many of her father's "personal effects".
"As a result, we are ready to put these matters behind us and move ahead in 2005 to restore the trust our clients have placed in us and to rebuild shareholder value," Mr Cherkasky said.
On Thursday, a US court said it will hear arguments for Yukos' bankruptcy claim to be thrown out on 16 February.
The advance, the second-fastest in Asia after China, was led by growth of 13.1% in the key manufacturing sector.
It's A Wonderful Life.
Other than its warning on possible tax hikes, the NIESR report was optimistic about the state of the UK and global economy.
"I pay for most things with my debit card, with occasional purchases on one of my credit cards," said Mrs Carroll, who teaches at Peel Common Infants School in Gosport.
A Wonderful Life is to be turned into a musical by the producer of the controversial hit show Jerry Springer - The Opera.
A subsequent New South Wales state inquiry criticised Hardie's actions.
Yugansk was auctioned to help pay off $27.5bn (£14.5bn) in unpaid taxes.
"It's almost as much for me as for my fans, in terms of trying to make sense of the last 22 years and bring it to a close in a proper way," he said.
Concerns over rising oil prices and the outlook for the dollar pushed down US stock markets on Tuesday; the Dow Jones industrial average closed down 1.6%, while the Nasdaq lost 1.3%.
Supporters' group Shareholders United, however, urged the club to reject the new deal.
"It's a very busy evening, it takes a certain amount of preparation of music, orchestrating, sketching rehearsing, before the show.
The Aviator, a film biography of Howard Hughes that leads the Oscar field with 11 nominations, was at number six for the weekend with $7.5m (£4m).
More recently he was seen in Something's Gotta Give alongside Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton.
New figures have to be decided before new legislation can be put before President Bush.
Viotti's debut at the New York's Metropolitan Opera came in 2000 with Giacomo Puccini's Madame Butterfly, followed by La Boheme, La Traviata and Fromental Halevy's La Juive.
"Perhaps more importantly provide them with the opportunity to experience 'performance' themselves.
The fourth series has averaged 2.9 million viewers per episode - half the amount it got in its first series.
In November, Absa said it was close to striking a deal with Barclays.
The US stock market regulator is investigating troubled insurance broker Marsh & McLennan's shareholder transactions, the firm has said.
Last May, R&B star Usher scored a chart first, with three concurrent singles in the US Top 10, a feat which was previously matched only by The Bee Gees and The Beatles.
Financial analysts broadly welcomed the Fed's move and shares traded largely flat.
"These results reinforce our concern over the sector's persistent inability to sustain recovery.
The Indonesian Economics Minister explained that the money - $1.2bn in grants and $500m in soft loans - was for the rebuilding of Aceh province, which was badly hit by the tsunami of 26 December.
"That will be the official source.
but... this is not the end of the world.
Last week's number one album Tourist, by Athlete, fell to number three.
The number of people out of work in Europe's largest economy has risen for the tenth straight month as growth remains stubbornly slow.
As the Child Trust Fund will not be in force in time for Christmas, relatives could invest their gifts in a higher rate children's deposit account, and use this as a feeder fund.
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has called for radical reform of the EU's stability pact to grant countries more flexibility over their budget deficits.
In 2004, growth will be between 4.7% and 4.8%, the ministry said.
The government says many privatised firms were sold to allies of the last administration at rock-bottom prices.
Cook has achieved recent global success with his beach parties.
As soon as the tsunami hit we saw ...
At its peak, The Osbournes had a regular audience of eight million, with America's TV Guide magazine describing the series as "a cross between The Simpsons and This
So urban is a very broad brushstroke that is the umbrella over the top of sub-genres, and there are offshoots of all of those.
Asked whether she was nervous about her best actress nomination
"Some countries where it may appear that orders will dry up have seen orders surging and there are many companies who will continue with existing trading relationships."
Ray star Jamie Foxx is clear favourite in the best actor category while Million Dollar Baby's Hilary Swank is tipped to win the best actress prize.
"The administration is committed to a viable national airline that will serve as a major catalyst for our economy," said Finance Minister Omar Davies.
It's Christmas, which is said to be selling very well in Los Angeles and New York.
China's quick-growing economy's need for oil has contributed to record-high oil prices this year, along with political unrest in the Middle East and supply bottlenecks.
The China Three Gorges Project Corp could now face a fine up to 200,000 yuan ($24,000; £12,700).
Citadel said it did not yet know whether it would return to its network.
Despite denying for decades that smoking could be linked to illness, the companies have modified their stances in recent years.
Similarly, 48% were pessimistic about their national economy, while 41% were optimistic.
He has also asked for more investments to meet the growing demand for water.
Portishead will play alongside fellow Bristol band Massive Attack at Oxfam's Tsumani appeal, held at the Bristol Academy on 19 February.
Shares in steel firms have dropped worldwide amid concerns that higher iron ore costs will hit profit growth.
They were personalised with the names of purchasers, who were asked to bring identification, such as a driving licence, passport or household bill.
"We are struggling with the gap between companies like Electronic Arts (EA), which comes with a high price tag, and the next tier of companies," he explained during a conference in Phoenix, Arizona.
The programme is set to close 20% of the group's factories and shed 10% of the workforce.
It doesn't seem to have worked out quite as well as we had hoped."
A lawyer representing Mr Doherty and Mr Wass said outside court the pair strenuously denied the charges.
In the fourth quarter, the city state's gross domestic product (GDP) rose at an annual rate of 2.4%.
Shark Tale, whose voice cast includes Will Smith, Robert De Niro, Renee Zellweger and Martin Scorsese, sold more than 6 million DVDs and videos across the United States and Canada.
Within days, he was stripped of most of his responsibilities.
However, he will be Nissan's most senior Japan-based executive and will be in charge of the firm's global sales and marketing.
Companies reported they expect to invest 7.7% more in the year to March 2005 than the previous year - up from expectations of 6.1% increase in the September Tankan.
The biopic of Howard Hughes led the nominations with 11.
Combining SMFG, Japan's third-biggest lender, and Daiwa, the country's second-largest brokerage firm, would create a company with assets of more than $1,000bn (£537bn).
After the war, winners exchanged the plaster awards for the real thing.
Bening was the first choice to play the female lead in American Beauty, director Sam Mendes' film debut which was a critical and commercial success - but the actress had to be content with a Bafta award for her strong performance.
Customers who pre-order Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince avoid standing in long queues at bookshops on the day of the book's release next July.
Beastie Boys have won their long-running battle over the use of a sample in their song Pass the Mic.
"If you make a mistake on your form, you risk a five-year ban and thus the ability to further your career," says Mr McCune.
"It's a great strategic fit for both companies," he said.
It is predicting a 2% fall in overall prices in 2005 as the market stabilises after large gains in recent years.
The current maximum fine stands at $32,500 (£17,320) - 20 of the stations in the CBS network were each penalised these lesser amounts for the Jackson incident.
Since the 11 September 2001 attacks in the United States, BA has cut 13,000 jobs as part of a major cost-cutting drive.
The Dow Jones Industrial average closed down 0.89 points, or 0.01%, at 10,385.48.
"I'm not pleased," Jefferson Parish Sheriff Harry Lee said.
Yukos made its surprise Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing in Houston in December in an unsuccessful attempt to halt the auction of Yugansk, its main oil producing unit, by Russian authorities.
but it's not important anymore.
But the dollar's weakness has hit European and Asian exporters and lead to calls for US intervention to boost the currency.
Yet as competition intensified and the telecoms boom petered out, WorldCom found itself under growing financial stress.
Last year, Lufthansa showed signs of recovery even as some European and US airlines were teetering on the brink of bankruptcy.
" The main Oscar ceremony will be held in Los Angeles on 27 February.
Come on, this is surely a joke?
Unemployment levels, in percentage terms, are heading fast towards single digits.
In January 2004, Shell told shocked investors that its reserves were 20% smaller than previously thought.
Both company boards have backed the deal, but regulators will still need to give their approval.
Riggs spokesman Mark Hendrix said the settlement, details of which will be announced next week, was an opportunity to move on. "
Mr Gammell set up the company in the 1980s and has successfully switched its focus to South Asia from interests in the US and Europe.
The Beijing News said the company may instead choose to pay a fine.
He has also starred in a number of films, including Heathers, Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves and more recently Churchill:
Qwest, meanwhile, had to pay the Securities and Exchange Commission $250m in October to settle charges that it massaged earnings to keep Wall Street happy.
"Being asked to do the voice of The Guide is like having your birthday on Christmas Day, discovering a winning lottery ticket in your stocking and having chocolate poured all over you," said Fry, a self-confessed fan of the book.
The 22-year-old singer's family came to an undisclosed settlement over a negligence claim in 2003.
After the controversy last year - which saw CBS fined a record $550,000 (£292,000) by federal regulators - Super Bowl organisers had turned to producer Don Mischer to oversee this year's half-time show.
The ONS revised the annual 2004 rate of growth down from the 5.9% estimated in November to 3.2%.
Mr Sullivan "made accounting decisions," he told the federal court, saying his finance chief had "a keen command of the numbers".
House prices rose the slowest in Greater London, being up by 6%.
BLB's purchase of the US unit is subject to the agreement of a revenue-sharing deal being struck with Rhode Island authorities.
Analysts have questioned whether a US court has any jurisdiction over Russian companies, while Moscow officials have dismissed Yukos' legal wrangling as meaningless.
Other multiple nominees include Maroon5, OutKast, Kanye West, R Kelly, Gretchen Wilson, Hoobastank and Jay-Z. Soul singer Stevie Wonder will receive Billboard's Century Award, the magazine's highest honour for creative achievement, at the ceremony.
The European Union's top leaders, among them German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and European Commission President Manuel Barosso, will be here too.
- Best new opera - Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk at the Royal Opera House
The rapper's spokesperson said: "Snoop will have the opportunity to prove in a court of law that [the alleged victim] is opportunistic and deceitful.
"We were never temperamental, fractious or walked out slamming doors," he said.
Tragedy struck the production of The Return when one of the young stars, 15-year-old Vladimir Girin, drowned in a lake where some of the film's scenes were set.
Sri Lanka's government has estimated reconstruction costs at nearly $3bn.
Net income for 2004 was $3.5bn (£1.87bn) - up nearly $3bn from 2003 - while turnover rose $7.2bn to $170.8bn.
It knocked last week's number one, National Treasure, into third place.
He said WMC would pursue "value-creating options" provided by a portfolio of "world class assets".
Caroline Quentin (Life
Ahold has admitted that it fraudulently inflated promotional allowances at Foodservice, improperly consolidated joint ventures and also committed other accounting errors and irregularities.
but I could give the people of today an idea of what his music was like," he said.
Marsh did not say when the move would take place, but said it had signed a letter of intent.
That would have left the club with debt levels which were deemed "not... in the best interests of the company" by Manchester United's board when they rejected his approach last year.
The other major child parts will also be rotated between young actors.
Meanwhile, Ford which posted its ninth consecutive drop in monthly US sales, said it was cutting first-quarter North American production by another 10,000 vehicles, or 1.2%.
Fresh falls in the value of the dollar helped carry prices above the $50 mark for the first time since November.
However the channel's share of the audience fell from 11.2% to 9.6% last month in comparison with January 2004.
The Manic Street Preachers are to take over the helm of BBC digital radio station 6 Music for a week in December.
one way or the other," said Grant Wilson of Mellon Bank.
According to Bex, penned by My Family creator Fred Barron and the Two Ronnies return for a celebration of their classic comedy series.
The risk is that after they've invested massively in the brand, demand tapers off like it did with the new VW Beetle," said Brad Wernle, from Automotive News Europe.
It took the action to try to prevent the forced sale of Yugansk - first to a little-known shell company, which in turn was bought by Rosneft.
It was first recorded by her younger sister Anita Carter before Johnny went on to make such a success of it.
The government in Cairo now believes Mr Sharon is moving towards the centre and away from the positions of right wing groups.
but I don't recall the invitation to vote for this bland, slushy rubbish which might appeal to the masses who wouldn't know a good song if it jumped up and bit them on the nose but is certainly NOT the best song of the last 25 years.
"I think the role of musicians is to question politicians rather than to go to bed with them," he said.
Italy plans to raise as much as 25bn euros from privatisations in 2005, including a partial flotation of the post office and utility Enel.
Wentworth worked as an assistant to sculptor Henry Moore in the late 1960s.
Just 250 guests attended with ticket prices at $5.
The government figures are the first official confirmation of falls in the market at the end of 2004.
Some experts believe this could require borrowing of up to $4.5 trillion over a 20-year period.
"We're paying tribute to James Honeyman-Scott and Pete Farndon, without whom we would not have been here," she said, referring to the premature deaths of two of the band's guitarists from drug overdoses.
He was a successful stand-up before hosting the children's show Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids, and starring in The Cosby Show, one of the biggest sitcoms of the 1980s.
Jagran publishes India's top-selling daily newspaper, the Hindi-language Dainik Jagran, which has been in circulation for 62 years.
The firms took action after the death from a central nervous system disease and a suspected case of the condition.
Organisers were widely considered to be playing it safe this year by booking 62-year-old Sir Paul for his second Super Bowl show.
The Aviator, starring DiCaprio, leads the field with 14 nominations, including best movie.
Mr Barroso has said that the EU's competitiveness will be his top priority.
, it's just like God's doing that.
But in 2003 her employers told her she had no future after 17 years with the company, and she was made redundant.
It also has submitted a reorganisation plan as part of its Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing.
More than a dozen celebrities are scheduled to attend, among them Will Smith, Kevin Spacey and Keanu Reeves.
"It is hard to fathom that we will no longer be able to call on his wisdom, his humour, his loyalty and his moral strength to guide us in the choices that are yet to be made and the battles that are yet to be fought," said Belafonte, himself an ardent civil rights activist who had been friends with Davis for over 60 years.
Mr Brown said it was a major breakthrough for the international organisations to offer up to 100% multilateral debt relief - "the vast bulk" of money owed by the poorest countries.
He said he would retire after The Black Album, but has just released an album and been on an ill-fated tour with R Kelly.
She helped launch the Ballet Club at the Mercury Theatre (later the Ballet Rambert), the Vic Wells Ballet, and then, with Anton Dolin, the Markova-Dolin Ballet of 1935-37.
Will Smith co-stars alongside more CGI robots than you can count and as a thrill-a-minute kind of action film, it's perfectly adequate.
The move, a year after Citigroup beat Standard Chartered to buy Koram bank, would be the South Korean financial sector's biggest foreign takeover.
In Germany, industry is exporting more these days, but the economy as a whole is once again mired in slow growth and high unemployment.
Based on the Hellblazer comics, the film took $11.8m (£6.1m) on its second week of release.
In 2003 Xstrata acquired Australia's largest copper miner - MIM Holdings.
"Today our government is ineffective and state companies, as a result, are for the overwhelming part ineffective as well."
However, a report in the China-published Economic Observer said on Monday that the two banks may have scrapped plans to list in New York because of the cost of meeting regulatory requirements imposed since the Enron scandal.
He is nominated this year for best Latin pop album and best salsa/merengue album.
According to its estimate, as much as 13.6% of the loans made by private banks to clients in the disaster zone has been written off or damaged.
Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapakse laid the foundation stone on a new housing project intended to provide 6,000 homes for survivors of the tsunami.
However, the world auto market has its problems and analysts warn that overcapacity and the strength of the rand could hit exports.
The new government is encouraging companies to pay taxes by scrapping existing corruption investigations and destroying all tax records from before 1 January, three days before President Saakashvili was elected.
In the meantime, the debt keeps getting bigger, with Congress authorising an $800bn rise in what the US can owe - taking the total to $8.2 trillion.
When asked if BMW would be seeking compensation from Bosch, the carmaker's chief executive Helmut Panke said: "we will first solve the problem before talking about who will pay".
"Improving customer relationships, more competitive products and continued strong cost discipline position us well for 2005," chief executive Tom Glocer said, adding the company was beginning "to look beyond recovery to growth".
A senior Japanese Finance Ministry official told Reuters "we have no plans to change the composition of currency holdings in the foreign reserves, and we are not thinking about expanding our euro holdings".
The paper's reasoning is complex, and is based on a sophisticated model of the relationship between tax regimes and corporate governance - in particular, the propensity of management to steal from the company.
The track has become the fastest-selling single of the year so far, shifting more copies than the rest of the top 30 combined, HMV claimed.
"The results came in below our already conservative estimate for the quarter," said Ray Neidl, an analyst at Calyon Securities.
Huw Stephens is currently one half of the Radio 1
Lawyers for news organisations said it was "really vital" for the responses of 250 potential jurors to be made public "to serve as a check on the process".
Utility vehicle and tractor maker
The film recounts the life of blues singer Ray Charles, who died in 2004.
Because of defaults by plantation owners, Citizens and Canal ended up owning about 1,250 slaves.
Bipin Bihari, deputy police chief in Bombay, said Khan was being sent back to Norway, from which she holds a passport, on the first available flight.
The woman said she was assaulted after a recording of the Jimmy Kimmel Live TV show on the ABC network in 2003.
Foxx's portrayal of late soul-singer Ray Charles in Ray had already earned him a prestigious Golden Globe award.
The tobacco companies denied the charges, saying that they never illegally conspired to promote smoking and fool the public.
The Japanese government has forecast that the country's economic growth will slow to 1.6% in the next fiscal year starting in April 2005.
The Ambani family controls 48% of the group, which is worth $17bn (£9.1bn; 745bn Indian rupees).
"Basically I was invited here by Thailand.
The club appointed an auditor, who has recommended a number of steps, including deferring the rent due on the stadium and suspending debt repayments until at least the 2006-2007 fiscal year.
People don't feel like that's anything to do with us.
Speaking to the House Budget Committee he urged Congress to take action to cut the deficit, such as increasing taxes.
Doing so would remove the exposure to the weak US dollar, which is making Saabs more expensive to US consumers.
but you'll have a fun night with the film and all the extras.
The Oscars organisers have picked two of The Aviator's four producers to be nominated for best film.
Card-not-present fraud rose an annual 6% to £116.4m, making it the biggest category even then.
This weekend's top 12 films took an estimated $125.4m (£65.8m), a 4.3% increase on the same weekend last year.
I dont understand the point that Ty is making.
"We will submit a budget that fits the times," Mr Bush said.
The US budget deficit is set to hit a worse-than-expected $368bn (£197bn)
"The real big issue is what's going to happen over the next one or two quarters now that they are in bankruptcy and all their customers see this in their local newspapers," he said.
WHEN AND WHERE The tradition of holding the awards at a banquet continued until 1942 but with increasing interest came a growing guest list and it became impractical to host it as a dinner.
The decline in the US dollar to a five-week low against the euro has also served to inflate prices.
The two actors have repeated their success at the Golden Globes in January.
The premiere of Godzilla:
The deficit, partly the result of massive tax cuts early in Mr Bush's presidency, has been a key factor in pushing the US dollar lower.
The agreement cancels investigations into about 50 radio and television shows, said Richard Diamond, FCC deputy secretary of communications.
Without Charles, it is hard to imagine the tear-stained Atlantic R&B sound of Aretha Franklin, Otis Redding or Wilson Pickett.
Over recent years, marketing films to the members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has become a multi-million dollar industry.
Hollywood stars Kevin Spacey and Kate Bosworth attended the British premiere of new film, Beyond the Sea, in London's Leicester Square on Thursday.
And finally, you will save money and space by considering a multi-function product for print, scan, copy and fax.
While demand for workers is far from booming, the conditions are set for steady growth. "
In early trade on Thursday, its shares were down 10% at 119 pence.
However, the firm discontinued development of an experimental treatment for obesity, known as '771, after disappointing clinical trial results.
The Musicians' Union stance is being endorsed by the Music Managers' Forum (MMF), who say British artists face "an uphill struggle" to succeed in the US, thanks to the tough visa requirements, which are also seen as impractical.
But President Lula became a defender of the reforms, arguing that the country's bank lending margins were among the highest in the world and were damaging the economy.
Was Germaine Greer right
"We are investing in modernisation so employees will go down," Mr Mittal told the conference in Chicago.
"I will give up my role as soon as the board of directors asks me to do so," he said.
Fans around the world held tribute events for the singer on Saturday, ranging from concerts to memorabilia exhibitions.
"We reckon it's going to cost European air passengers - not the airlines, the airlines have no money, it has to be paid by passengers - 1.5bn euros, that's over £1bn a year loaded onto European passengers," Mr Clarke said.
unless voluntary steps were taken.
West's account of the accident sampled Chaka Khan's hit Through the Fire to become the heart of his completed solo album The College Dropout.
The output figures brought a cautiously optimistic response from economic officials.
Ann Kite told the court in the Californian town of Santa Maria she was hired to "crisis manage" the fallout after the programme had aired in 2003.
"I think many voices are being shut down or accused of being unpatriotic if they want to express another point of view.
"The suggestion from the money markets is that the next move is now more likely to be in an upward rather than a downward direction.
"Anyone who's ever written, produced or performed something soulful stands in the shadows of these giants," said Timberlake.
The fines came after a 15-month probe into allegations that the media giant misled investors after a costly acquisition programme went wrong.
Judges said the film tackled the contentious subject with "great insight and sensitivity".
"Our material was good-natured," he said.
Singer Courtney Love has been spared jail for assault and drug offences, but must serve three years probation.
Queen bassist John Deacon has currently retired from the stage.
"A lot of people want the club's interest to be with people who have grown up with the club and got its interests at heart," Rio Ferdinand told BBC Radio Five Live. "
Michael Sears admitted his guilt in breaking conflict of interest laws by recruiting Darleen Druyun while she still handled military contracts.
Unlike previous years, protests against the WEF are expected to be muted.
"They are a bit more aggressive than we had expected.
But it also stressed that it stayed opposed to Mr Glazer's proposal.
The WRAZ-TV Fox affiliate in North Carolina was the only one of 182 stations to refuse Monday's show.
In contrast, BBC's Christmas season includes terrestrial debuts of the first Harry Potter film, Shrek and Steven Spielberg's AI, as well as new epipsodes of the Vicar of Dibley and the final Auf Wiedersehen, Pet.
In September Spears married Kevin Federline, who had been a dancer on the aborted tour.
The payment is not related to the FCC's $550,000
In part, this is because of its scale, and because delivering aid and recovering the dead remain priorities.
Ms Druyun is currently serving a nine month sentence for favouring Boeing when awarding lucrative contracts.
He is working with Steve Brown, who wrote the award-winning musical Spend Spend Spend.
New Zealander Peter Jackson took 10 years to bring JRR Tolkien's fantasy trilogy to the big screen, winning Academy Awards for best film and best director for the final film
Venezuelan authorities have said they will seize land owned by a British company as part of President Chavez's agrarian reform programme.
that is, the music industry sector without any artistic merit or originality whatsoever and that which is specifically designed to line the pockets of music producers.
Other Christmas specials from Radio 2 include singer Jamelia hosting a Christmas Day concert from the London Community Gospel Choir, while actor Christopher Lee will read Fireside Tales from the likes of Edgar Allan Poe, E Nesbit and Ambrose Bierce.
"We wanted everything done properly."
However, when adding December and January's figures, the administration's first term jobs record ended in positive territory.
A literate and qualified Turkish population," insisted Mr Sener, "will make a positive impact on the EU."
The breast-baring incident generated 500,000 complaints and CBS - which is owned by the same parent company as MTV - was quick to apologise.
and sometimes I've said it and not meant it.
Wells Fargo had net income of $6.2bn in its last financial year, a 9% increase on the previous year, and revenues of $28.4bn.
Struggling Japanese car maker Mitsubishi Motors has struck a deal to supply French car maker Peugeot with 30,000 sports utility vehicles (SUV).
The six unedited reel-to-reel tapes - which were owned by the engineer who recorded them - are valued at up to $50,000 (£29,000).
He is now named in the best film category as well as being nominated for best director and best lead actor.
Look at it all, there's so much clutter.
Clive Owen is the brooding king, Keira Knightly rises above her costume and Ray Winstone gives it all some grit.
Three years after a gruelling economic crisis, Turkey has dressed its economy to impress.
Hendrix supporters hoped to turn the home into a museum for the guitarist. "
The series takes a "darkly comedic" look at the goings-on of a group of characters living in the suburbs.
The story unfolds through the eyes of a freelance photographer who unwittingly takes pictures revealing the involvement of Dutch authorities in Fortuyn's murder.
We want them back or damages paid."
In July 2004, Bat announced it had won approval for to build a $1.5bn (£800m) joint venture factory in China which would make it the first foreign cigarette maker to manufacture there.
But Ford declined to provide guidance for first quarter 2005.
You forgot to mention the grearest of them all, Danger Mouse!
Its index of national manufacturing activity rose to 58.6 last month from 57.8 in November.
Overall, DaimlerChrysler saw worldwide vehicle sales rise 8% to 4.7 million in 2004 while total revenues added 4% to 142bn euros.
Folks without collections; folks who have never engaged in that madness one experiences when falling under the spell of pop music.
The SEC also said it had brought fraud charges against two ex-senior executives of Columbia Distributor.
Tickets for the V festival go on sale on Friday 11 March.
He called them his ass-saver tapes," his son said.
It's very intense and very loud," he told the BBC.