A proposal was received by David Gill, United's chief executive, at the end of last week, pitched at about 300p a share.
The report calculated emergency food requirements for 2005 to be 387,500 tonnes.
Some of the criteria for admittance includes: film credits that reflect the high standards of the Academy, receipt of an Academy Award nomination, achievement of unique distinction, earning of special merit, or making an outstanding contribution to film.
The band's development ended tragically when songwriter Kurt Cobain committed suicide in April 1994.
Day-Lewis has competed four times at the Berlin Film Festival, with films In The Name Of The Father (1994), The Crucible (1997), The Boxer (1998) and Martin Scorsese's Gangs Of New York (2003).
New York Senator Charles Schumer said he was told by the Senate Rules Committee that the tapes were probably stolen from a commercial plane.
In London, Standard Chartered's sale of 118 million new shares to institutional investors pushed its share price down, and contributing to the FTSE 100's 0.3% decline.
Hilary Swank picked up her second best actress Oscar for playing a female boxer in Million Dollar Baby, beating stars including Annette Bening, Kate Winslet and Imelda Staunton.
PBS said it will use extra footage for its broadcast, showing the woman "from a more discreet angle" instead.
In his new job as Renault chief executive, Mr Ghosn will devote 40% of his time to Renault, 40% to Nissan and the rest to the group's activities in North America and other key markets.
Morrison is seen quizzing a college administrator on why he was refused. "
No end is in sight," said Carsten Fritsch, a strategist at Commerzbank .
The KSE index closed at 6709.93 - an overall gain of nearly 400 points in the first two trading days of the week.
Meanwhile, Joss Stone performed Right
"The slavery era was a tragic time in US history and in our company's history."
Deutsche Boerse bosses have held "constructive, professional and friendly" talks with the London Stock Exchange (LSE), its chief has said.
The SEC has already delayed implementation of this clause for smaller firms - including US ones - with market capitalisations below $700m (£374m).
The job gains mean that President Bush can celebrate - albeit by a very fine margin - a net growth in jobs in the US economy in his first term in office.
GE is the US' biggest firm based on stock market valuation.
Her comments raised concerns among a number of investors and Mr Yushchenko was seen on Monday as trying to soothe their frayed nerves.
Fosters bought 18.8% of Southcorp, the global winemaker behind the Penfolds, Lindemans and Rosemount brands, for 4.17 Australian dollars per share.
Doubts about the strength of the US recovery and overheating of the Chinese economy do however pose risks for 2005.
Euronext, so far, has given little away as to what sweeteners it will offer the LSE - Europe's biggest equity market - into a deal.
The unions claim Fiat is to close the Fiat Powertrain plant at Arese near Milan and instead source six-cylinder engines from General Motors.
"We believe the roaming market is competitive and we expect to resist the charges," said a Vodafone spokesman.
A host of Hollywood stars, including Cate Blanchett, Leonardo DiCaprio, Keanu Reeves and Richard Gere, are expected to attend Saturday's ceremony.
The US consumer's appetite for all things from oil to imported cars, and even wine and cheese, reached record levels last year and the figures are likely to spark fresh criticism of President Bush's economic policies.
Swank, who previously won the Golden Globe and Oscar for Boys Don't Cry, paid tribute to Million Dollar Baby director and co-star Clint Eastwood.
He said the issue is not globalisation
A slowdown in the housing market and this year's surge in oil prices has made economic forecasting all the more tricky, leading to a more uncertain outlook. "
Insurers are also struggling to assess the cost of the damage, but several big players believe the final bill is likely to be less than the $27bn cost of the hurricanes that battered the US earlier this year.
European stock market Euronext has met with the London Stock Exchange (LSE) amid speculation that it may be ready to launch a cash bid.
He was awarded the CBE for services to drama earlier this year.
Read said all the funds raised by the record would go to the DEC.
Russian authorities are due to auction off Yuganskneftegas on 19 December to pay a huge tax bill sent to Yukos.
I don't think he should be allowed these privileges, especially earning money, until his name is totally cleared," the group's president Beverly Siemssen said.
Pixies, Foo Fighters and Iron Maiden will headline this summer's Leeds and Reading festivals.
The company had bought the rights to explore in the area from oil giant Shell.
LG Group knows the impact on consumer demand and the national economy from a liquidation of LG Card," said Kim Yungmin, an equity strategist at Dongwon Investment Trust Management.
The pair have been together for more than two years. "
While she originally planned to get back to work pretty swiftly after giving birth it was actually two years before she released another single.
Blanchett also paid tribute to the film's director Martin Scorsese, telling him: "I hope my son will marry your daughter.
India's economy, however, is less likely to slow because the areas hit are some of the least developed.
Russian authorities do not have to abide by any US court decisions taken with regard to troubled oil giant Yukos, a Houston court has been told.
But much of the media focus will be on the political leaders coming to Davos, not least because the agenda of this year's forum seems to lack an overarching theme.
he said he suffered while making Tears of the Sun.
LG Card returned to profit in September but needed further capital to avoid being thrown off the market.
The Rebel Billionaire has marketed itself as a less materialistic version of The Apprentice, with Sir Richard shown jumping out of a taxi, while Trump is seen in a limousine.
It also said that in the event of going bust, it could offer the chance of restructuring.
The STMA is trying to restructure the domestic tobacco industry, closing some factories, though such moves can be unpopular with local governments.
Consumers remain cautious over buying big-ticket items like furniture, said BRC director general Kevin Hawkins.
But for the sake of transparency, we told our shareholders last week that if we look at the forecast for total costs of the project up to 2010, there is a risk that we will go over by around 10%, which is about 1bn euros (£686m; $1.32bn)," he told France's LCI Television.
Mr Glazer's financial backers, including JP Morgan, the US investment bank have said they won't back a bid unless it receives backing from the owners of at least 75% of the club's shares.
Brokers must give information on their commissions if, and only if, their customers request it, the FSA said.
His first film for Warner Brothers was 1995's family fantasy movie A Little Princess.
The company should now be able put this dispute behind it, with the departure of Mr Camus and with the clear support given to Mr Forgeard by the Lagardere group, the main French shareholder of EADS.
Oscar-winning animator Hayao Miyazaki's latest film, Howl's Moving Castle, is to be released in 50 countries around the world, its distributor has said.
The US dollar's slide against the euro and yen has halted after US Treasury Secretary John Snow said a strong dollar was "in America's interest".
He delivered the 14th Adam Smith Lecture in Kirkcaldy, Fife.
Mr Gammell is a former Scottish international rugby player.
"Three years ago, every sector [of the economy] was hit by the crisis," said entrepreneur Drayton Valentine.
The star of Rain Man and Tootsie said the film culture was "in the craphouse" at a press conference on Tuesday.
"I think a lot of bands should go through a wee bit of a kicking before the make a success," singer Gary Lightbody and drummer Jonny Quinn said.
Whereas the main driver of the economy in recent years has been robust household spending growth, this is likely to suffer as the housing market slowdown gathers pace."
Howl's Moving Castle set a Japanese box office record last week, taking 1.5bn yen (£7.7m) in its first two days.
According to the FT, the regulator has been annoyed by Rover's decision to talk publicly about the deal and the intense speculation which has ensued about what it will mean for Rover's future.
"At the end of the day we are dealing with compensation for people who are terminally ill.
A Series of Unfortunate Events also stars Scottish comedian Billy Connelly, while Carrey takes on a number of different roles in the surreal film.
"Where we can get the work done, good things are happening."
The Dow Jones index dropped almost 100 points on Tuesday, with the Nasdaq also falling as key tech stocks were hit by broker downgrades.
Europe's economic difficulties have been highlighted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, which argued in a report published on Tuesday that the continent could only achieve US living standards by freeing up its labour markets.
A number of large MCI shareholders expressed unhappiness at the decision, saying that Verizon's offer, made up of cash, shares and dividends, undervalued the company.
The spokesman did not say why the three had been detained by the police.
India is looking to develop its airline industry as booming economic growth drives demand for travel.
Five Bank of America subsidiaries have agreed to pay a total of $515m (£277m) to settle an investigation into fraudulent trading share practices.
The highest ranking executive pleading guilty on Tuesday was former Marsh senior vice president Joshua Bewlay.
These days, buyers will have to fork out almost £11,500 to own a new Mini One, or even more for the Cooper S which costs up to £17,730.
Heavy stockpiles could help force prices lower when demand eases.
Maruti is not the only company benefiting as Indian's economic growth gives consumer greater spending power.
But of course for most of the episodes the lift would be out of order and they would have to use the stairs.
The three boys playing Billy are James Lomas, 15, George Maguire, 14, and Liam Mower, 12.
Investors are concerned about the size of the US trade and budget deficits and are betting that George W Bush's administration will allow the dollar to weaken despite saying they favour a strong currency.
"During 2004 we profited from the fact that the world economy was strong," said Stefan Schilbe, analyst at HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt.
Crime Scene Investigation.
The sugar group had been absent from the FTSE 100 for seven years until Mr Ferguson helped it return to growth.
Soap operas Knots Landing, Falcon Crest plus The Bold
Traders said there was some panic selling during Friday's session, the first since a three-day market closure to mourn the death of Mr Hariri.
He suffers from a degenerative rheumatic disease which causes ligaments and tendons to attach to the bone.
Other countries believe their economies are strong enough to cope or wish to avoid being viewed as credit risks.
In September, the IMF had said that German growth for the current year would be 1.8%.
The fact that she's from Devon is the interesting thing because most of the music we cover is made in large cities and she's literally rural.
Other plans on the table include promoting new industries such as bio-technology and nano-technology, as well as offering increased support to small and medium sized businesses.
Manchester rock band Doves have entered the UK album chart at number one with their new release, Some Cities.
It took $40.8m (£21m) in weekend ticket sales, according to studio estimates.
Officers are also investigating a later shooting in which eight bullets were fired into the door of 50 Cent's management company, Violator.
A viewer poll saw director Zhang Yimou's martial arts epic
On occasion, the Supreme Court has ruled against the interests of the people he represents, he says, insisting that the system cannot be trusted.
Korn have enjoyed a moderate degree of chart success in the UK, with 10 singles breaking into the Top 40.
"I want to touch on all aspects of our culture, perhaps with readings from Genet, and I have an idea for Jeremy Irons to read Proust," she said.
Mr Khodorkovsky, currently facing fraud and tax evasion charges of his own, was one of the founders of Menatep.
While debt relief seems to have jumped to the top of the global agenda, not everyone is convinced that selling IMF gold is the best way forward.
- Expanded service tax net
Alva director Robin Broke said: "Visits from Western Europe were up by 10% and from North America by some 9% compared to 2003, while numbers from the rest of the world rose 20%.
Bids have been invited from local, Arab and foreign companies, Iraq's Ministry of Communications said.
Mr Calder is the man behind acts including Britney Spears.
Wal-Mart said it was investigating the claims but had no plans to pull the CD.
Ocean's Twelve took sixth place in the US chart with $5.4m (£2.8m), but it led the non-US chart at the weekend, according to Hollywood Reporter, with an estimated $17.7m (£9.4m) and total takings of $137m (£73m).
Glamour was also brought to the evening by actress Sienna Miller, supermodel Claudia Schiffer - who was supporting her director husband Matthew Vaughn - Troy actress Diane Kruger and star of the TV programme The OC, Micha Barton.
This CG-animated adventure airbrushes the sly charm and trippy otherworldliness which made the 60s stop-motion Roundabout a cult hit," writes Stella Papamichael on the BBC Movies site.
Grammy Award winners U2 will play Hampden on 21 June while Oasis will also perform at the national stadium in Glasgow on 29 June.
" Less impressed were fellow students Ryan Crabbe and Gordon Rennie, who observed, "With Fightstar, Charlie has clearly progressed from Busted's sound, but they're still not very inspiring.
US prosecutors have charged nine food suppliers with helping Dutch retailer Ahold inflate earnings by more than $800m (£428m).
She previously won in 1999 for her performance in Boys Don't Cry.
In 1985, a group of high-profile American stars known as USA For Africa came together to record their own fund-raising single, We Are The World.
Nonetheless, US crude is still 30% more expensive than at the beginning of 2004, boosted by growing demand and bottlenecks at refineries.
Geoffrey Rush wins a best actor nomination for his role as Peter Sellers in the recent biopic The Life & Death of Peter Sellers.
Mr. Benn with Rowan Atkinson as the lead.
Successive polls in the run-up to Tuesday's election had shown the two candidates running neck and neck.
However, it claimed that the court had backed its argument in four out of five key issues.
The soaring cost of oil has hit global economic growth, although world's major economies should weather the storm of price rises, according to the OECD.
The agenda was just too broad and as a result nothing was prioritised.
To be nominated for a film that was released a while ago, I feel so honoured and overwhelmed," she said.
The plain green Norway spruce is displayed in the gallery's foyer.
Channel Tunnel operator Eurotunnel has seen sales fall in the face of the upsurge in European low-cost airlines.
While worries still remain, the conditions are set for steady growth in 2005, analysts said.
Yukos says the sale was illegal and is pursuing damages in a US court.
Although inventories fell 0.7% month on month, they were 36% higher than a year ago.
"We knew what would upset the average man in the street.
Suddenly, when Raw T came into my life, I realised they are my third major band," he told BBC World Service's The Music Biz programme.
Mr Wilson, who has remained friends with Curtis's widow and daughter Natalie, who he says asked for his involvement to make the film "official".
In 1983 Mr Fischer became adviser on Israel's economy to then-US secretary of state George Shultz.
The move was aimed at helping South Asian governments find budgets to rebuild devastated coastal areas, though so far only Sri Lanka, Indonesia and the Seychelles have indicated that they will take it up.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) advisory panel will give its verdict after hearing evidence for three days.
The winner is due to be announced on Sunday night.
So far, however, neither have tabled a formal bid.
The cast of Kisna also includes British actors Michael Maloney, Caroline Langrishe and Polly Adams.
The president of one of Mumbai's main Catholic organisations, Dolphy D'Souza, says the portrayal of an ordained priest as a man of loose moral character has hurt the religious sentiments of India's Catholic community.
The shares will be denominated in Hong Kong dollars.
The band will also play 24 European gigs, finishing in Lisbon in August.
The report is the latest to call into question the viability of government spending projections.
WPP in recent years has also bought firms such as Ogilvy & Mather and Cordiant Communications.
The Sunday Telegraph said the LSE's plan was further evidence it wants to retain tight control over its destiny.
As well as replacing Schrader with Harlin - the director behind Die Hard 2 and Cliffhanger - the producers also changed most of the cast, but Swedish star Skarsgard stayed in the Merrin role.
Customers' accounts were being monitoring and account holders would be notified if any "unusual activity" was detected, bank officials said.
Children's author Judy Blume, who was given an honourary medal, used the ceremony to speak out over censorship.
A Financial Times report said business intelligence firm GPW was understood to be starting due diligence work on SSL International, for a corporate client.
Speaking at a BMW event ahead of the Geneva motor show, Helmut Panke predicted demand for such crossover vehicles would soar in Europe.
And The Beautiful all made the top 10 of Transatlantic TV howlers.
Unemployment levels are currently stuck at about 10%, and is proving difficult to bring down despite government efforts.
The firm had told the tribunal that Ms Villalba's division had been losing about $1m a week.
State-owned lenders may be even worse hit, it said.
The Spanish group has been keen to snap up more UK infrastructure assets, having bought Amey in 2003.
People such as Matisse and Stravinsky became like uncles to her, the latter put in charge of her musical education.
I'm almost ashamed to have participated in the things that went on over the last few weeks.
The Securities & Exchange Commission accused Fannie Mae of using techniques that "did not comply in material respects" with accounting standards.
Jackson, who is currently filming a remake of Hollywood classic King Kong, said he thought that the sale of MGM studios to the Sony Corporation would cast further uncertainty on the project.
Kate Winslet was also nominated in the best actress category for her role in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
The country has a population of more than a billion people and many observers feel that it is underserved by airlines.
It was named best film while Alexander Payne won best director and best screenplay, along with writing partner Jim Taylor.
We have a lot of winter left."
Total production costs were £1.30 per gigajoule, UK Coal said, but the average selling price was just £1.18 per gigajoule.
The corporate lexicon of homilies, generalities and soft assurances - fluff - is on its way out.
Several Opec members said a cut in production was unlikely, citing rising prices and strong demand for oil from Asia.
Sky first scooped Oscar rights from the BBC in 1999, but the BBC won them back in 2001 when Sky was forced to pull out of a bidding war due to financial constraints.
Figures show that currently only eight people per thousand are car owners.
and they needed the oil for their coastal refineries.
"Power needs in India are set to rise and NTPC will benefit from that.
A spokesman for DLF Builders, Dr Vancheshwar, told the BBC this will mean "better offerings" for consumers as well as builders.
We continue to make progress and great strides have already been made," said Mr Spindler.
Separately, the Bank of England said that consumer credit rose by £1.5bn in December, more than the £1.4bn expected and above the £1.4bn reported in the previous month.
The FAO has urged the World Trade Organisation to swiftly conclude negotiations to liberalise trade, easing developing countries' access to the world market.
Japan's economy grew by just 0.1% in the three months to September, according revised data issued this month.
Davis was also a prominent figure in the civil rights movement and was a voice for racial equality.
Gordon Brown will need to raise about $10bn a year in order to sustain the public finances in the short term, the firm claims.
Usher's work with rappers Ludacris & Lil Jon won him nominations for best R&B-soul or rap music video and best R&B-soul or rap dance
Paul Tucker - voted to raise rates to 5%.
I think I've been completely put off.
He is also one of the hosts of The Blue Room, an early morning weekend show that plays a mix of old and new electronic and dance music.
When the shooting took place outside the studio, the interview was ended and the rapper was escorted out of the building by security personnel.
Fighting between Mr Camus and Mr Forgeard has hit the headlines in France and analysts feared that this fighting could destabilise the defence and aerospace group.
Yukos claimed it sought help in the US because other forums - Russian courts and the European Court of Human Rights - were either unfriendly or offered less protection.
Economic growth is set to halve in Singapore this year to between 3% and 5%.
Nissan also announced a number of other management appointments with promotions for several younger executives.
The Brazilian government has played down claims that it could step in to save the country's biggest airline.
The 10th District Court, Moments of Trials made by Raymond Depardon.
We can't speculate but he was at the height of his powers and just 36 years old.
"It seems the key worry that has existed in the currency market still remains," said Anthony Crescenzi, a bond strategist at Miller Tabak in New York.
The film, in which a young man is forced to revisit a traumatic childhood experience, took £788,439 in its first three days on release.
A novel set in 19th century Paraguay has won
Despite the dip in profits, Heineken's sales have been improving and total revenue for the year was 10bn euros, up 8.1% from 9.26bn euros in 2003.
ONGC, which is majority-owned by the Indian state, already has bought petroleum assets in countries including Vietnam, Sudan and Russia.
Explaining why it has asked the WTO to set up a dispute settlement panel on customs barriers, the US Trade Representative's Office said that it wants to tackle the issue "early in the EU's process of dealing with the problems of enlargement".
This will boost the annual production capacity of the company - India's second-largest car manufacturer - to 400,000 units.
Rod Stewart also won the first Grammy of his career, getting the best traditional pop album award for Stardust...
In Between, Rory Stewart's account of his trek, on foot, across Afghanistan.
But the damage covers fishing, farming and businesses too, with hundreds of thousands of buildings and small boats destroyed by the waves.
Screaming built up into a crescendo as more and more big name stars appeared.
Ms Kite said she received a phone call on 13 February 2003 from a Jackson associate, Marc Schaffel, who said the boy and his family had left the Neverland ranch where they had been staying.
"We believe the merits of our case are strong and simple," said chief executive Steven Theede.
More than 16 million viewers watched his return in 2003.
The company said these actions should "significantly uplift earnings".
The Fed did not rule out raising rates once again in December but noted that any future increases would take place at a "measured" pace.
When the first plastic cards appeared in the UK in June 1966, issued by Barclaycard, but only a handful of retailers accepted them and very few customers held them. "
BMW has forecast sales growth of at least 10% in Asia this year after registering record sales there in 2004.
He served as a pilot with the Royal Air Force during World War II, flying fighter planes to the Middle East.
Vodafone had pinned its hopes on the launch of its 3G phones in November but demand for them has been slow.
Bad loan problems followed; LG Card, the country's biggest credit card provider, has been struggling to avoid bankruptcy for months, for instance.
Commentators believe Deutsche Boerse, which has now formally asked German authorities to approve its plan to buy the LSE, may offer to sell Clearstream to gain shareholder approval.
The Palace Theatre, which will be known as The Pavilion Repertory Theatre, was sold to an undisclosed bidder at auction 13 months ago for £340,000.
The ceremonies were then transferred to theatres with the famous Grauman's Chinese Theatre the first to host the expanded event.
Do They Know It's Christmas, featuring artists including Chris Martin and Jamelia, held off Kylie Minogue to remain the week's biggest single.
"We regret the ministry has taken such a decision," said Ivan Kulakov, deputy chairman of Highland Gold - a mining firm that has the motto "Bringing Russia's Gold to Market".
Bookmaker William Hill has stopped taking bets on who will be the next James Bond, following a succession of large wagers on actor Dougray Scott.
a lessening with bookings for Australia.
In fact, almost 30 wealthy nations spend more than $300bn (£158.8bn; 230.9bn euros) in agricultural subsidies.
The Tate Gallery unsuccessfully tried to buy the picture from its anonymous owner after a ban was issued preventing the painting from leaving the UK.
Chorton And The Wheelies or Jamie And His Magic Torch; that would be mega!
Donor nations have promised to give $717m (£379m) in disaster relief over the next six months, according to the United Nations.
The scheme has been set up to reward developing countries that embrace what the US considers to be good governance and sound policies.
Indie dance band Kasabian built up a cult following throughout 2004 to secure three Brit Award nominations.
It believes the prospectus for a bond issue was unclear and that executives may have had privileged information.
For every 50p vote cast by viewers by telephone or text during the programme's run, 9p will go to a tsunami charity appeal.
We're thrilled to have him back to direct the newest Bond.
Cobain committed suicide in 1994.
Sharp will inherit staff, manufacturing facilities and intellectual property from Fujitsu.
"We're working on ways to encourage both adults and children to eat wisely by selecting more nutritionally balanced diets," said Lance Friedmann, Kraft senior vice president.
China has been a net importer of oil since the mid 1990's with more than a third of the oil and gas it consumes coming from abroad.
"If you file a $1.3 trillion case against Saudi money after 9/11, Arab money will not go to the US any more.
A German movie about an anti-Nazi resistance heroine has drawn loud applause at Berlin Film Festival.
Mr Jackson, 46, denies plying a boy with alcohol and molesting him.
Shares of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (SMFG), and Daiwa Securities jumped amid speculation that two of Japan's biggest financial companies will merge.
Should that happen, Yukos will have little chance of clawing back its assets, analysts said.
The European Central Bank has left its key interest rate unchanged at 2% for the 19th month in succession.
In 1969, he moved to Nassau in the Bahamas, with his wife Sheila.
Despite the rejection of the Deutsche Boerse bid last week, Werner Seifert, chief executive of the Frankfurt-based exchange, may well come back with an improved offer.
The chase and most of the stunts will be on the train," said Mr Singh.
Sideway's Alexander Payne, Ray's Taylor Hackford and British director Mike Leigh - nominated for period drama Vera Drake - are considered outsiders in this category.
[The unemployment figures] show the main problem of the French economy: we have growth but without an improvement in employment," said Marc Touati, an economist at Natexis Banques Populaires.
Christians make up about two per cent of India's population of more than a billion people.
Sean Penn, Charlize Theron, Tim Robbins and Renee Zellweger all won acting awards - mirroring the eventual Oscars outcome.
The price of crude is still up about 30% on the start of 2004, but has fallen from the record of $55.67 set in late October.
Shares in train and plane-making giant Bombardier have fallen to a 10-year low following the departure of its chief executive and two members of the board.
West led the race going into the ceremony with 10 nominations.
"The current situation is preventing British acts from maintaining momentum and developing in the US," he added.
Comedian Chris Rock, who hosted the ceremony for the first time, received a standing ovation before getting the show under way.
British actress Antonia Bernath is making her debut in Kisna - the Warrior Poet, marking a growing trend for non-Indian stars to appear in Bollywood films.
After the ONS announcement, economists said there could also be a proportionate boost to the current budget in 2004/05 of about £400m.
But the producer's a liar," he said.
"The prime minister has given instructions for exemplary penalties to be meted out against the accused and their accomplices if found guilty," he told the BBC's Network Africa programme.
The remaining 12% will be retained by the Yantai city government.
Although it has nostalgia value, there is no way it deserved to win.
It employs 77,000 people, running operations in over 30 countries across the Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific.
US box office total, earning more than $40m (£22m) on the first day of the DVD's release alone.
The announcement is the latest blow for the one-time darling of Wall Street, which has lost 80% of its stock value in just over a year.
Taylor, you're my director of the year.
But already it looks likely that growth in the first half of 2005 will slow, Mr Mendis told reporters, although he would not say by how much.
Commentators and Yukos itself claim the firm is the target of a government campaign to destroy it because of the political ambitions of its founder, Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
"No matter what cards life dealt, Charlie stayed centred on his love for his family and for McDonald's."
"That way, Mr Yushchenko can go to the public and say he has forced the oligarchs to play by the rules," he told BBC News.
Other films in the best film category include Police drama 36, Quai Des Orfevres, Arnaud Desplechin's Kings
The offer, made as part of a trade deal between the two countries, will allow China to operate oil fields in Venezuela and invest in new refineries.
Russian news agencies reported that India's petroleum minister Mr Aiyar and Russian energy minister Viktor Khristenko would discuss the future of Yugansk at a meeting on Tuesday.
Clive Owen's nomination has sparked a betting frenzy from James Bond fans, who feel that his heightened global recognition will have done his chances of becoming the next Bond a world of good," said William Hill spokesman Rupert Adams.
The IEA raised its estimate of 2005 oil demand growth by 80,000 barrels a day to 84 million barrels a day.
Looking ahead, analysts now expect improvement in jobs growth to feed through to the High Street with consumer spending remaining strong.
News Corp investors voted in October to approve the transfer of the company's corporate domicile from Australia to the US state of Delaware.
In 1969 his name became linked with the Charles Manson murders, which saw the deaths of actress Sharon Tate and four of her friends at a home which Melcher once rented.
The decline of the dollar is a warning sign that current economic trends cannot continue.
British energy firm Burren Energy has been awarded two potentially lucrative oil exploration contracts in Egypt.
Milan Kundera (Czech Republic)
Yukos had argued that a US court was entitled to declare it bankrupt before its Yugansk unit was sold, since it has local bank accounts and its chief finance officer Bruce Misamore lives in Houston.
Smoking is fashionable in China, where it is seen as an essential - and manly - sociable touch for some jobs, such as salesmen.
About 300 fans protested outside the Old Trafford ground two days ago.
A close associate of former Yukos boss Mikhail Khodorkovsky has told a court that fraud charges levelled against him are "false".
They are hoping that by boosting colour it will make their publications more attractive to advertisers and readers alike.
Shares in Krispy Kreme Doughnuts have taken a dunking on Wall Street after the firm revealed it would have to restate its 2004 financial reports.
Baikal's background and its motives for buying the unit are still unclear.
Interest rates and unemployment are both likely to remain at historically low levels, real household incomes should continue to grow and housing demand is likely to outstrip supply into the medium-term."
Diana Rigg was best actress for Suddenly Last Summer, Dame Judi Dench was best supporting actress for
The group have also chosen documentaries to air, such as The Leonard Cohen Story and Guitar Greats - Jimmy Page.
The government hopes the change will be seen as a promise of growing economic stability as Turkey embarks on the long process of trying to join the European Union.
She said "superior" bullying tactics, like making housemates cold and hungry, could encourage playground bullying.
He said the consumer price index (CPI) would rise 0.1% in the next fiscal year, the first gain since 2000/01.
The concern is that traders might interpret this big jump in the core PPI as an impetus for the Fed to be more aggressive than a measured move in moving rates," said Paul Cherney, chief market analyst at Standard & Poor's.
and it's wrong for me to present myself in the same context as they are."
It employs 50,000 staff in Kazakhstan alone, and has large operations in Romania, the Czech Republic, South Africa and the United States.
Turkey's investment in Iran's mobile industry looks set to be scrapped after its biggest mobile firm saw its investment there slashed by MPs.
"Nothing fundamental has changed."
IPC is 46%-owned by Reliance Industries which in turn is run by Mukesh.
In 2003, the US was ahead with 20.5% and China came second with 19.2%.
They have also earned a reputation as outspoken and charismatic, in contrast to fellow Brit nominees such as Keane and Snow Patrol. "
Malaysia said as many as 1,000 fishermen will be affected and that damage to the industry will be "significant", Agence France Presse reported.
Race doesn't make a difference if everyone is included.
Compared in stature to Elvis Presley by some commentators, Charles' songs cast their spell on such 1960s stalwarts as Joe Cocker, Steve Winwood, Eric Burdon and Van Morrison.
According to Andreas Adriano of Latin Trade Magazine, the new bankruptcy law will help in reducing the spread - difference between the interest rates of the banks and federal bonds.
"We are buying his name," Simon Falic told the Reuters news agency.
The Paris Club of rich creditor nations on Wednesday offered to freeze debts owed by tsunami-hit countries.
The initial list was very weak anyway, but Angels the best song of the last 25 years!!!!
Slater, 35, is replacing actor Dallas Roberts in the Tennessee Williams drama, which opens next month.
I've been sick for three days and want to make it through the night.
The results were in line with Wall Street expectations and shares in GM rose by about 1% in pre-market trade.
"I would not exclude that the structure of the deal has slightly changed and Gazprom now has a partner.
The singer must serve 15 days in prison after he consistently swore during a concert in St Thomas, Jamaica, in January despite warnings by police.
Notwithstanding, comedian Reeves remains 3/1 favourite to win the show, after Pasquale.
The government proposal states that foreign investment of up to 100% will be allowed on the 'automatic route' in the construction sector, on projects including housing, hotels, resorts, hospitals and educational establishments.
Many large Russian companies, particularly in the energy sector, use complex webs of offshore companies to avoid taxes.
But South Africa Finance Minister Trevor Manuel told the BBC's Talking Point programme what was needed was one approach, with all wealthy nations on board.
Production in Chile is expected rise 3.5% in 2005 to 5.5 million tonnes, said Mr Cartagena.
However, world music sales declined by 1.3% to $33.6 billion (£17.7 billion).
so it can make more effective policy decisions.
Before too long, credit markets are likely to react, and interest rates will creep upwards.
Green Day's Boulevard of Broken Dreams is currently number two in Billboard's pop chart, and tops its digital chart.
Mr Gates is said to be trying to arrange a meeting with Brazil's President Lula da Silva.
Such belt-tightening is designed to tackle the massive budget deficit increases of President Bush's first term.
"I'm loving it" catchphrase will be used throughout the half-hour programme.
John Patterson will be in charge of drug development.
"I fully welcome the words of Mr Snow," said Joaquin Almunia, "but we will need to see decisions adopted in that direction.
The company pointed out that the farm, which employs 300 workers, provides meat solely for the Venezuelan market.
Ms Berman said: "I think the audience expects loud things from Fox.
Infinity Broadcasting, which is owned by Viacom, paid cumulative fines totalling $1.7m (£907,000) in 1995 to settle FCC violations by Stern.
Novartis said that it would be able to make cost savings of about $200m a year following the acquisitions.
The new line would go out as far as Maidenhead, Berkshire, to the west of London, and link Heathrow to Canary Wharf via the City.
In the fourth quarter alone Ford reported net income of $104m, compared with a loss of $793m a year ago.
She definitely deserved to win a prize, Joss Stone's albums are quite simply amazing, easily better than anything else that was released last year.
But of the 145 companies reporting, 76% didn't examine their supply chains, says the annual Directions survey.
Potential foreign investors will however need government approval before they increase their stake beyond 49%, Mr Maran said.
Shanda said that it may boost its stake in Sina, even buying it outright.
The world's richest countries have said they want to increase the amount of aid they give to 0.7% of their annual gross national income by 2015.
Director Hugues Charbonnier says he is under pressure because factories in the Far East are able to make some of his output more cheaply, while his key markets are now in China and India.
The figures support recent data from the government and other bodies which all point to a slowdown in the housing market.
"I'm not for too much carousing.
Manchester United's board has agreed to give US tycoon Malcolm Glazer access to its books.
AMR's chief executive Gerard Arpey said the airline's difficulties reflected the situation within the industry.
Founding member Geoff Barrow told BBC 6 Music the record was well on the way to being completed.
Although the company's statement said it would continue to monitor developments, observers said they thought Turkcell was set to pull out of the $3bn deal.
Tuesday's gig has been rescheduled for 15 June.
Altria's Philip Morris now accepts that nicotine is harmful, and the company's main lawyer William Ohlemeyer told the BBC last year that earlier statements may have been wrong but they were not dishonest.
It was blocked by Courtney Love, the widow of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain, who did not want unreleased song
The two are set to merge their venture capital operations and there has been speculation that this could lead to a full-blown merger.
Other successes such as Celebrity Big Brother and The Simpsons have enabled the broadcaster to surpass BBC2 for the first month since last July.
Nearly 20% more UK top 250 firms produced non-financial reports on social and environment issues than last year.
The only thing blighting business optimism this year will be uncertainties associated with the general election, BDO said.
The news may mean more limits on investment and lending as Beijing tries to take the economy off the boil.
Millions of Indonesians use kerosene for basic cooking, and prices have been heavily subsidised for years.
Deficits should be allowed to rise above 3%, Mr Schroeder argued, if countries meet several "mandatory criteria".
Prosecution lawyers have argued that Mr Ebbers orchestrated a series of accounting tricks at WorldCom, ordering employees to hide expenses and inflate revenues to meet Wall Street earnings estimates.
A CBI quarterly survey found output had risen by the fastest rate in seven years but many firms were seeing the benefits offset by increasing expenses.
The Brazilian government has plans to switch all government computers from Microsoft to Linux.
The directors of Omagh and Sex Traffic are among the nominees for a television movie or mini-series.
China's thirst for products such as crude oil, copper and steel has helped pushed global commodity prices to record levels.
The audience for BBC One's one-hour special averaged 13.7 million and peaked at 14.2 million in the last 15 minutes, overnight figures showed.
For Airbus, the future is big - it is pinning its hopes on planes that can carry as many as 840 people between large hub airports.
Sumitomo bosses told counterparts at UFJ of its decision on Friday, clearing the way for it to conclude a 3 trillion yen ($29bn) deal with Mitsubishi.
The Button Down, which fell to number six.
The US government may still make a conciliatory gesture, just as happened a year ago when Vice President Dick Cheney made a surprise appearance in Davos.
Its light bulb adornments are dimmed, ordinary domestic ones joined together with string.
Gallagher lost two front teeth in the fight, which led to the band abandoning their German tour.
The top names in Scottish music are taking part in a benefit concert in aid of the victims of the Asian tsunami.
"I bow down to you," Swank said to the 74-year-old Eastwood.
The EU said a tax would only be passed after full consultation with airlines.
Analysts said Unilever could launch the new products in 2007.
Lisbon risks becoming a "synonym for missed objectives and failed promises", his report said.
It was also a debut nomination for Staunton, 49, who played abortionist Vera Drake in Mike Leigh's film.
Radio 1 said the three DJs had been chosen for their "in-depth musical knowledge across a variety of musical genres".
Polar Express uses technology similar to that used in Lord of the Rings to bring Gollum to life.
Mr Evans sued Mr Mann in 2001, claiming he came up with the idea, spent years developing it and persuaded DiCaprio to play Hughes - but said he was later excluded from the project.
And doesn't that make some weird implication that all black people live in cities?
Turkey could also help alleviate a labour shortage in "Old Europe" once its population comes of age.
The Cox-2 inhibitors were developed by drug companies, including Merck and Pfizer, because they cause users fewer stomach problems than other painkillers.
He had four nominations going into the ceremony, with seven artists nominated in three categories.
Comedy Fat Albert - co-written by Bill Cosby
Their singles include What I Go To School
The comments came as Viktor Yushchenko prepared to head to Brussels to meet with US President George W Bush and other North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (Nato) leaders.
Veterans Simon and Garfunkel were in 10th place, their comeback tour helping them earn $24.9m (£13.4m) last year.
US Airways is in Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for the second time in two years, and battling to cut costs.
Even computer games from 10-15 years ago are getting modern re-workings.
However, the rise in digital recording has affected business at the studio, which is relocating to smaller premises in Miami.
The first vouchers, worth £250 or £500 for low-income families, will be distributed from January.
Mr Marchionne is confident of his firm's legal position, saying in an interview with the Financial Times that GM's argument "has no legs".
The alleged violations included the sale of guns to 23 people who were not allowed to possess them, and delivering 36 guns to customers who acquired them for people not allowed to own firearms.
"We want to be in the best financial health - maybe clubs can do it (listing), Manchester United have been a success."
A formula for the ultimate Christmas single has been revealed by chart bible British Hit Singles and Albums.
He became chief operating officer and president in 2002.
A statement from the band's record company Universal said frontman Charlie Simpson planned to spend some time working with his other band, Fightstar.
Moore said it was "an historic occasion" that the 31-year-old awards ceremony would name a documentary its best film.
Vintage TV and film posters also lined the walls, including a rare portrait of Raquel Welch and an original advertising print from the Benny Hill Show.
Any countries that are not making enough of an effort could be dragged to the World Trade Organisation (WTO), a step that could trigger economic sanctions, the EU warned.
Indian film director Mira Nair has said she was thrilled to be given the chance to make William Makepeace Thackeray's novel Vanity Fair - as the book has been a favourite through her life.
It's always nice to see these old toons re-released, but after the abysmal Thunderbirds movie (and the song!)
However, recent rumours have suggested that Simpson has been wanting to quit the band to focus on Fightstar.
The Australian star faces competition from Daniel Craig (Enduring Love), Phil Davis (Vera Drake), Ian Hart (Blind Fight) and Dead Man's Shoes' star Paddy Considine.
Hundreds of thousands of livelihoods have gone," said Jan Egeland, head of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
The FDA has been asked to decide if the benefits to patients justify the increased risks.
Based on the novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess tells the story of a young girl who is sent to live in a New York boarding school when her widowed father enlists for war.
"People like to have a vested interest in what they're watching. "When Titanic does $1.8bn in worldwide box office, you've got a lot of people with a vested interest."
"Hollywood doesn't tend to like foreign-language films -
They give three key reasons for not making the move:
But the US Court of Appeal upheld its original decision that the group did not have to pay an additional fee to license the underlying composition.
The main cloud on the horizon, NIESR said, was the UK's much analysed and fretted over property market.
It's alright for a pop song - but the best song of the last 25 years???
The ban threatens to reignite tensions between the regulator and British American Tobacco, which plans to become China's first foreign cigarette maker.
Bob the Builder, Postman Pat and Fireman Sam together in an epic adventure of fire, post and bricks.
Production companies also featured in the top 50, including Steve Coogan's Baby Cow, which created Nighty Night among others, Hat Trick - behind The Kumars at Number 42 - and The Vicar of Dibley production company Tiger Aspect.
The German film The Downfall, a biopic tracing the final days of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler in his Berlin bunker, has been recognised in the best foreign film category.
It credited the screen legend's "raw hypnotic energy" and his ability to create characters like Stanley Kowalski and Terry Malloy "that will live forever in the annals of film history".
Some of Britain's wealthiest people are musicians who have raked it in from albums, concerts etc.
However, September's reading was the strongest for 13 years.
Harvey, who entered the camp a day later than other contestants after learning that his grandmother had died, reached the end of his tether following days of meagre rations and rows.
US light crude traded in New York lost more than $2 to $43.25, its lowest close since 10 September.
" Shooting on the sequel is expected to begin in April, with hundreds of Dominicans applying to be extras in the movie.
It is to be paid to the damaged funds and their shareholders.
The retailer is debt free with a good cash flow, despite the fact that it is said to be struggling to keep up with market leader Best Buy and cut-price competition from the likes of Wal-Mart, said Mr Armstrong.
Sky's coverage will launch with the nominations on 25 January and will include themed programming across Sky channels including Sky News, Sky Travel and the Biography Channel.
He has moved from 4/1 to 5/2 favourite to play 007, with Hugh Jackman and Ewan McGregor joint second favourite. "
However, union officials denied there had been a deliberate "sickout".
The Ballymena-born actor said that the theatre on Ridgeway Street was in a "very dilapidated condition".
The number of Japanese films released rose to 310 in 2004 from 287 the previous year.
However, GM stressed that it did not know of any injuries related to the problems.
NBC alleged that boxing regulations had been violated, but failed in their attempt to have the show pulled.
"We are encouraging attendees to keep the victims in mind and aggressively support the aid organisations helping out," she added.
Scoggins' daugher Jane Kelly Misel said that her father never tired of the song and would sing it at least once a day. "
The US will continue to drive expansion until 2006, albeit at a slightly slower rate, as will be the case in Japan.
Unlike many other film-makers, Passion of the Christ director Mel Gibson has vowed not to campaign for an Oscar for his movie. "
"Work is going on across the music business right now to make sure the new chart works to plan," he said.
and it was dangerous to assume that rates had peaked.
Smart has consistently lost money since it started trading in 1998, and new model launches are now "on hold", said Mercedes chief executive Eckhard Cordes.
This award counts because the final choice of winners is made by children, who are the toughest critics of all," she said.
No bid emerged, but Mr Glazer continued to increase his holding in the club.
In another case last October, she pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct for hitting a man on the head with a microphone stand at a New York City nightclub.
Consumption, meanwhile, has jumped to 2.4 million bpd, compared with 474,000 bpd in 1973.
Singer-songwriter Casey beat Brian McFadden and Damien Rice.
The consortium which won the auction for the mill was created by Viktor Pinchuk, son-in-law of former-President Leonid Kuchma, and Rinat Akhmetov, the country's richest man.
The debut album, which took the best British album title at the Brits on Tuesday, moved up seven places from number eight to number one.
Prices for autos and trucks also jumped in January, but Shepherdson said "it is a good bet these increases won't stick".
Duran Duran are currently promoting the album's second single, What Happens Tomorrow.
A Room With A View, and a "great number of celebrated roles" in subsequent productions.
so it was time for a change."
Its Mangala field, thought to contain a billion barrels, is its biggest find to date.
"What could have been a didactic or preachy prospect turns out to hilarious, moving humane and eye-popping.
US record shops are stocking an import version of
Also capitalising on Brits success were the Scissor Sisters whose eponymous album moved three places to number two.
"I have never equated the Academy Awards with how much money a movie takes in," said Nikki Rocco, head of distribution at Universal which released nominee Ray.
It had been expected one of the smallest of the four big public banks - Bank of Alexandria or Banque du Caire - would be sold first.
It was an occupation that was later to feature in his authorial debut, the television screenplay Flight into Danger.
It may also increase pressure on China to relax the peg joining its currency, the yuan, with the weakening dollar.
After collating the results, they are responsible for sealing the results in the famous golden envelopes which will be revealed by a host of celebrity presenters at the ceremony.
but it knew it was and somehow this famous 1979 series became a cult favourite that's been long awaited on DVD.
The sequel narrowly beat its 2001 predecessor, Ocean's Eleven which took $38.1m (
Britain's Rod Stewart introduced Percy Sledge, citing his best-known hit When a Man loves a Woman as "one of the best performances I've ever heard".
Compiled by an eleven year-old girl perhaps??
has gone straight in at number one in the UK singles chart.
According to official data, the value of India's overall exports in the current fiscal year is expected to reach more than $60bn, while in Pakistan's case it is set to hit more than $12bn.
Overall the weekend box office was strong despite the fact that it was American football's Super Bowl weekend - a time when cinema admissions generally fall.
Russian oil firm Yukos lied to a US court in an attempt to stop the Russian government selling off its key production unit, the court has heard.
They may not want him but they are going to get him.
When a film version of The Beverly Hillbillies was made in 1993, Scoggins came out of retirement to perform the theme tune.
Comair's computer breakdown plunged its flight-crew scheduling system into disarray.
Former England footballer Paul Gascoigne will join EastEnders' actress Scarlett Johnson on BBC One's Strictly Ice Dancing.
Despite three nominations, Mike Leigh's Vera Drake failed to take the director or screenplay awards and there was no prize for star Imelda Staunton.
The company added it had opted to take action through American courts as US bankruptcy law gives worldwide jurisdiction over a debtor company's property and because it was seeking a judiciary willing to protect the value of shareholders' investments.
The Geordie duo also secured best comedy entertainment programme for Saturday Night Takeaway, beating I'm A Celebrity...
Yugansk will most likely end up with Gazprom but could still end up with the government.
The European Union, in particular, was imposing new international financial reporting standards in 2005, it noted.
But progress has been slow, reports from the country say.
Prosecutors are seeking indictments against Mr Tanzi and 28 others - including several members of his family and former Parmalat chief financial officer Fausto Tonna - for alleged manipulation of stock market prices and making misleading statements to accountants and Italy's financial watchdog.
She is asking a Los Angeles court to award her half the musician's property, a monthly allowance and damages.
Exchange Traded Funds offer an alternative way to track a stock market.
Since President Yudhoyono's government came to power in October, it has indicated its intention of raising domestic fuel prices by cutting subsidies.
A private collection of six tape recordings of Presley valued at between $30,000 (£16,000) and $50,000 (£27,000) did not meet their reserve price.
Shares in the fifth biggest US carrier had fallen 6.87% on the news to $10.44 by 1830 GMT.
In a filing to US regulators the airline warned of "inadequate liquidity" if it fails to reduce wage costs by $500m by the end of February.
"Our businesses in the United States and emerging markets such as China, Russia and Turkey, combined with favourable European exchange rates, helped drive much of this growth."
Frankfurt-based Deutsche Boerse has offered £1.3bn ($2.48bn; 1.88bn euros) for the London Stock Exchange.
In addition to Green Day, other artists in the current US digital sales top 10 include Kelly Clarkson, The Game and the Killers.
The Two Ronnies ran from 1971 to 1987 and attracted 17 million viewers at its peak.
It took $19.1m (£9.9m) on Christmas Day alone, the highest takings on that day in box office history.
"Payroll growth in December was a little lighter than the consensus forecast, but we had upward revisions to the prior two months and an increase in manufacturing employment."
Kirin, the fourth big name, is launching its own "third-type" drink in April.
Edwards' sister Rachel makes an emotional TV appeal five years after the disappearance.
Another role under Burton, Ed Wood, starred Depp as the crazed cult film-maker Wood, in 1994.
Dollar Baby failed to trim their credits - so the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences (Ampas) has done it for them.
The double album - which saw the pair produce one disc each - topped the charts in the US at the same time as single Hey Ya!
It is too early for us to state what our financial burden will be."
Hendrix was widely considered one of the most important guitarists of his time.
And Rosneft is in desperate need of cash, so
Oil giant BP has announced a 26% rise in annual profits to $16.2bn (£8.7bn) on the back of record oil prices.
The musical is not expected in London before December 2006.
"Through your work and your campaigns, you have shown us how the artist occupies an essential place in our contemporary society," Mr de Vabres said.
Electronics were also one of the keys to the improved domestic market, with products such as flat-screen TVs in high demand during January.
The apparent discrepancy between rising unemployment and record numbers in work can be explained by an increase in the working population and a fall in those who are economically inactive.
Mr Sullivan also rejects a suggestion that he had once told fellow WorldCom board member Bert Roberts that Mr Ebbers was unaware of the accounting fraud at WorldCom.
The jury comprised experts and critics from the top UK film publications.
Aviation analyst Nick Van den Brul of BNP Paribas described BA's latest quarterly results as "pretty modest".
These figures show beyond doubt the recent slowdown in the housing market," Peter Williams, CML deputy director, said.
"What can you do next when you've done it all?" he says.
The Aviator has been named best film at the Golden Globe Awards, with its star Leonardo DiCaprio named best actor.
"He was funny and witty to work with.
A Yili spokesman said it may now move to oust chairman Zheng Junhuai.
"We believe the whole airline industry will now have to move in this direction; this will likely hurt revenue in the short run but could be beneficial in the long run," said analyst Ray Neidl at Calyon Securities.
"Game and I need to set an example in the community.
The companies said they have no reports of the rare condition - progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) - in patients taking either Tysabri or Avonex alone.
"We just don't think adoption is a game show," said Tommy Schenck, WRAZ-TV's general manager, though he said his decision had not been influenced by public protests.
"Our educational reforms have created a new generation of highly-educated and professionally trained Saudi women who are acquiring their rightful position in Saudi society," Arab News quoted Prince Saud as saying.
Commenting on the diversity of the nominated films, he added: "Our selection committee had a harder time than ever narrowing down the field."
Band Aid 20 slipped to six after seven weeks in the chart with Do
As for lighting, consider a combination of floor mounted uplights, wall lights (wall washers) and selected downlights.
Monsanto said it accepted full responsibility for its employees' actions, adding that it had taken "remedial actions to address the activities in Indonesia" and had been "fully co-operative" throughout the investigative process.
Plans to create a US soap based on the BBC's EastEnders have reportedly been drawn up by the Fox TV network.
"I am afraid the resources are not up to the ambitions," Jean-Michel Lemetayer, from the FNSEA agricultural union, told the Associated Press news agency.
Digital sales in the US are already used to compile Billboard's Hot Digital Sales chart.
The new person will be in charge of the £9m budget and their role will be to develop shows outside the capital, both within the BBC and with independent production companies.
Failure to make cutbacks may also push it to reduce its fleet, the group said.
He predicted that the South African economy would grow by 4.3% in 2005 and 4.2% in 2006.
The figures prompted some analysts to forecast that the Bank of England will almost certainly raise rates this year.
Low-budget move Sideways and Finding Neverland have so far grossed about $45m (£24m) each.
Mr Weingarten has suggested that Mr Sullivan is implicating Mr Ebbers only to win a lighter sentence, something Mr Sullivan denies.
Despite urging to ease the peg, officials insist they are a long way from ready to make a shift to a more market-set rate.
But the FT said it thought JP Morgan may still have had some role in financing Mr Glazer's latest financial proposal.
OutKast will add their awards to the four they won at the US MTV Awards in August and three Grammys in February.
Daiwa said that "although it is true that the two groups have been engaging in various discussions to enhance cooperation, there are no plans to enter into negotiations to consolidate the two businesses".
Foxx's critically acclaimed performance as Ray has already earned him a Screen Actors Guild Award for best actor, as well as a prestigious Golden Globe.
With Jools Holland, booked the group to appear the day after seeing them at a west London pub.
Oscar-nominated film biopic Ray has surpassed its US box office takings with a combined tally of $80m (£43m) from DVD and video sales and rentals.
Sales climbed 8% for the year, the best performance since an 8.5% rise in 1999, the Commerce Department added.
Climate change and the fight against Aids are leading the list of concerns for the first day of the World Economic Forum in the Swiss resort of Davos.
Asian stock markets are heavily inclined towards property and construction companies, many of which will be rubbing their hands over the reconstruction opportunities.
Will Smith's first romantic comedy, Hitch, has topped the North American box office for a second weekend.
One member of the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) -
But this is not great music.
The race for the Oscars entered its final stages as the deadline for voters to choose their winners passed.
Mr Newton and the Beastie Boys were not available for comment.
Lawmakers said on Wednesday night Enrico Bondi, the turnaround specialist appointed by the Italian government as Parmalat's chief executive, spoke positively about the company during a closed-door hearing of the Chamber of Deputies industry commission. "
The FT said most the high-profile firm that might woo SSL was Anglo-Dutch household products group Reckitt Benckiser.
Apacs chose school teacher Helen Carroll, from Portsmouth, to make the historic transaction.
Very good idea to continue the legacy without attempting to replace John Peel.
"Many of the films that did well (with audiences) are not necessarily the films that made a lot of money," said Mr Dergarabedian.
Although the group had paid a licence fee for the sample, Mr Newton said his copyright had been infringed.
Sales will dip by at least A$30m after the Indian ocean tsunami devastated many holiday destinations, Qantas said.
The Office's Ricky Gervais is writing an episode of hit US cartoon The Simpsons, following an invitation from its creator Matt Groening.
On average every Briton buys 3.2 CDs per person per year.
Ukraine recently ousted long-serving leader Leonid Kuchma and has said it wants closer European Union links.
R&B singer Usher won best male and best album for Confessions, while UK rock band Muse were named best alternative act and best British artists.
Euronext is poised to launch a bid for the London Stock Exchange, UK media reports say.
About 190 state-run companies and facilities were sold off from the early 1990s to 1997.
A court ruled that Chongqing Lifan Industry Group must stop selling Honda brand motorbikes and said it must pay 1.47m yuan ($177,600) in compensation.
The authorities said landowners whose titles were in order and whose farms were productive had "nothing to fear".
The 865 million share offer, a mix of new shares and sales by the government, raised 54bn rupees($1.2bn).
The assault on Yukos' assets has been widely blamed for a slowdown in economic growth in recent months.
Anti-globalisation campaigners have called off a demonstration planned for the weekend.
US beermaker Anheuser-Busch sells less beer by volume than Inbev but is bigger in terms of the value of its sales.
Asahi is predicting profits to rise 50% in 2005 as it launches a drink based on soybean peptides rather than malt.
"You do have to risk quite a lot of money for a very small gain
A Los Angeles Superior Court judge is expected to set a trial date later this month for Spector, who was indicted on murder charges in September.
This will result in a marked slowdown in growth in 2005 and 2006 compared to last year, when the economy expanded by 3.25%.
But Morrison is determined the album will be released on Monday.
Britney Spears picked up her first ever Grammy for her song Toxic, which was named best dance recording.
How can she be "urban" if she spent most of her life in the Devon countryside?
The introduction of 'chip and pin' cards has tightened security for transactions on the High Street.
While pinpointing several areas in which there are difficulties in the bilateral and multilateral work with Russia, the US said the meeting was "much more efficient than we've seen for some time".
Big Brother's spokeswoman said: "Only a handful of senior production executives are privy to any sensitive information regarding eviction voting and there are strict procedures in place to keep this information strictly confidential.
Indie Rock group Muse consists of Matthew Bellamy, Chris Wolstenholme and Dominic Howard who met in their early teens in Teignmouth, south Devon.
Korean writer Park Chan-Chook shared the best screenplay award for Les Choristes and Old Boy respectively.
Leading electronics chain Best Buy, meanwhile, missed its sales target of a 3-5% rise in sales, turning in a 2.5% increase over the Christmas period.
" DiCaprio, who lost out on the best actor Bafta to Foxx, will face him again at the Academy Awards in two weeks' time.
Southcorp's shares have risen in recent months on speculation that it could become a takeover target.
He is a fellow at Clare College, Cambridge and became a honorary research professor of the University of St Andrews in 2003.
But music fans in the US are still able to access the song and download it on Band Aid 20's official website.
Also taken were a pearl necklace and a sapphire bought as an investment for their daughters described by Sharon as "one of the only 24-carat sapphires that is absolutely pure".
Last year, MG Rover, which employs more than 6,000 people, produced just 110,000 cars, though it hopes to land a deal with Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (SAIC) that could help double the number of cars produced at Longbridge.
Mr Marchionne becomes the fourth head of the business - which is expected to make a 800m euro ($1bn) loss in 2004 - in as many years.
The veteran pop star played piano accompaniment throughout the concert which lasted for three hours without an interval.
Both countries eased travel and other restrictions as part of the peace process aimed at ending nearly six decades of hostilities.
A major distributor of pirated DVDs of Bollywood films has been sent to prison for three years.
One was for hiring a stand-in to complete his community service for possession of a stun gun and three-months following a nightclub fracas.
Last week, the trio attended an official screening of all the nominated short films at the Academy's headquarters in Beverly Hills.
At the same time, India's economy is booming and the country's thirst for oil is so strong that it has helped pushed up the price of crude worldwide.
Of the cut now due to Lee, 82, who created Spider-Man in 1962, his lawyer said: "It could be tens of millions of dollars, that's no exaggeration."
He said the valuation would put increased pressure on Xstrata to look at "sweetening" its offer.
IMF boss Rodrigo Rato was asked by G7 ministers to carry out a study into the feasibility of revaluing and selling gold reserves.
I've heard she has swollen glands.
All regions saw at least a doubling in their assets during the past decade.
The amnesty will not extend to people who made money through drugs trafficking or international money laundering.
Perhaps if the remakes were done in a 'Look Around You' mock-authentic style I might be interested ...
Will they triumph or will they fail miserably?
The real estate firm, which dominates Lebanon's stock exchange, ended the day down at $8.08.
The UK manufacturing sector will continue to face "serious challenges" over the next two years, the British Chamber of Commerce (BCC) has said.
China's Baoshan Iron and Steel Co. said it was delaying a share sale because of weak market conditions, adding it would raise steel prices to offset ore costs.
The Bank of Mexico said that remittances grew 24% last year and now represent the country's second-biggest source of income after oil.
She also began working with young choreographers such as Anthony Tudor and Frederick Ashton who became huge influences on the direction of ballet in the west.
A merger between MCI and Qwest would be the fifth billion-dollar telecoms deal since October.
Shadow chancellor Oliver Letwin said: "At best the timing of these changes is very convenient for the government."
The commission then took the pair to the European Court of Human Justice - which ruled EU countries could not put the pact "in abeyance", and confirmed the EC's right to launch "excessive debt procedures".
Wimpey's profit figures came in at the top of expectations, with the numbers helped by buoyant sales in the US offsetting a slight slowdown in the UK.
Several Hollywood stars feature in the festival's American independent drama category, including Keanu Reeves and Benjamin Bratt.
On the revamped chart show their cheeky, laddish banter will punctuate star interviews and competitions, film and DVD charts plus a look at future single releases, in addition to the singles chart itself.
President Kumaratunga said it was now important to find a peaceful solution to years of internal conflict.
Their relatives abroad may choose to send money in other currencies which are not subject to the tax, such as euros, or increase their dollar payments to compensate.
The admission is part of an apology sent to JP Morgan staff after the bank researched its links to slavery in order to meet legislation in Chicago.
And last week Only Fools and Horses star David Jason criticised British TV for being "too safe and too cheap".
The sale is a further move by Citigroup away from its 1990s strategy of offering every financial service - insurance, broking and banking.
Parents will need to decide which financial institution will manage this gift in time for the start of the scheme in April 2005.
In 2003, Stewart said he was "astounded
The TV couple's interest in the book world coined the term "the Richard & Judy effect" and created the top two best-selling paperbacks of 2004 so far.
, Slade's Merry Christmas Everybody, Wham's Last Christmas and Sir Cliff Richards' Mistletoe and Wine.
The award-winning trilogy - Northern Lights, The Subtle Knife and The Amber Spyglass - tell the story of Oxford school child Lyra Belacqua.
The BSA said mortgage approvals - loans approved but not yet made - were £2bn, down from £2.6bn in January 2004.
President Nestor Kirchner's administration is still trying to hammer out an agreement with the creditors, but with the debts' nominal value standing at around $100bn
WorldCom's problems appear to have begun with the collapse of the dotcom boom which cut its business from internet companies.
The seasonally adjusted rise showed a smaller rise than expected, as government measures to encourage job creation began to take effect.
NUJ official Barry Fitzpatrick said the company had ignored the 90-day consultation period required for companies planning more than 10 redundancies.
Cuba's economy had staged a modest recovery during the mid 1990s as the collapse of the Soviet Union forced it to embrace foreign capital, decentralise trade and permit limited private enterprise.
"There are many more questions than answers, especially given increased concerns regarding company liquidity," JP Morgan Securities analyst John Ivankoe said in a research note on the firm.
The sale opened at 8am on Friday and will close at 6pm on Saturday.
"My university course started with four graduates in 1999; we're now the largest major on campus - with 400 students," he said.
Brits success has helped return Keane's award-winning album Hopes and Fears back to the top of the UK album chart.
Lennon recorded his final album Double Fantasy at the studio in 1979.
It has taken $65.5m (£34.1m) so far, buoyed by opening at number one in the UK last weekend and a successful run in Germany.
"It's amazing how quickly sentiment changed," said Rick Mueller, an analyst at Energy Security Analysis.
The remaining members of rock band Queen are to go on tour next year with former Free and Bad Company singer Paul Rodgers taking Freddie Mercury's place.
The latest to pitch in has been President George W Bush himself, who told the Asia Pacific Economic Co-operation (Apec) summit in Chile that he remained committed to halving the budget deficit.
His previous adviser, JPMorgan, quit last year when Mr Glazer went ahead and voted against the appointment of three United directors to the board, against its advice.
"On the positive side digital sales are booming," said John Kennedy, chief executive of the International Federation of Phonographic Industries (IFPI).
The VH1 First Music Award went to Cher honouring her achievements within the music industry.
At the time, police said a "physical altercation" broke out among the musicians at about 0200 local time.
However, Mr Glazer's latest offer is reported to have cut the amount of borrowing needed by £200m.
, it needs creditors' backing for the offer to avoid going into bankruptcy.
Leonardo diCaprio, Pierce Brosnan, Christian Slater and Richard Gere are also in the audience for the biggest night in UK film.
The movie's star Don Cheadle also received a standing ovation when he stepped onto the stage after the show.
Actor Rodrigo de la Serna took the best debut performance prize for The Motorcycle Diaries.
But the Leicester singer has struggled to repeat its success following two spells in jail.
"The stability pact will work better if intervention by European institutions in the budgetary sovereignty of national parliaments is only permitted under very limited conditions," he wrote.
Varig, which operates in 18 countries apart from Brazil, has been driven to the brink of collapse because of the country's economic downturn.
Cinematographer John Mathieson, who was nominated for Gladiator in 2001, is also up for The Phantom of the Opera.
If the 74-year-old does win, he will become the oldest person ever to be named best director at the ceremony.
They own 29% of United through their Cubic Expression investment vehicle.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has asked for information about transactions involving holders of 5% or more of the firm's shares.
Nike has reported its best second-quarter earnings, helped by strong demand for its athletic shoes and Converse sneakers.
"The calendar year is starting off slower than expected, both for GM and the industry," said Mark LaNeve, GM's vice president for North American sales, service and marketing.
The bankruptcy followed its admission in 2002 that it illegally booked expenses and inflated profits.
The rights to JRR Tolkien's book are split between two major film studios.
As a friend, he was very kind, and generous."
Freezing temperatures and heavy snowfall have increased demand for heating fuel in the US, where stocks are low.
The spending plan for the year beginning 1 October is banking on a healthy US economy to boost government income by 6.1% to $2.18 trillion.
"I would look at the stock market rally for Bush as kind of a one-day event," said Ken Mayland at Clearview Economics.
It opens in the UK and US on 19 May.
Newcomers to the annual list included Nighty Night star Julia Davis at seven and Black Books' Tamsin Greig at 19.
However, analysts say the new figures fail to take into account the potential $2-$3.8 trillion costs of the president's plan to revamp state pensions and extend tax cuts.
The current EU rules limit the size of a eurozone country's deficit to 3% of GDP.
Red Crescent Societies told the Reuters news agency that it was seeking $6.5m for emergency aid.
There was no agenda whatsoever to hurt anyone," he said.
There are not many theatres left like this.
The European Regions Airline Association (ERAA) claims that neither airlines nor consumers were consulted over the changes.
India and Russia are to work together in a series of energy deals, part of a pact which could see India invest up to $20bn in oil and gas projects.
Ryanair said the new planes would help it to cut operating costs further.
She had not seen her sibling for 28 years.
I was never assumed to be the writer or producer."
US interest rates are expected to rise for the fifth time since June following the US Federal Reserve's latest rate-setting meeting later on Tuesday.
Before Sunday's ceremony Owen was bookmakers' favourite for his role in romantic drama
Foxx was nominated for three awards but was beaten to the best supporting actor title by Owen and the best actor in a TV movie prize by Geoffrey Rush in The Life and Death of Peter Sellers.
If Jailhouse Rock does reach number one on Sunday, it will be the 999th in the history of the UK pop charts.
Attempts to strengthen internal controls and tighten lending policies have uncovered a succession of scandals involving embezzlement by bank officials and loans-for-favours.
The MSCI World share index, a measure of global stock market performance, hit its highest level this week since early 2001; the BBC Global 30 has risen by 3% in the past week.
The film, directed by Paul Schrader, will be screened on 18 March at the International Festival of Fantastic Film in Brussels.
The Parents stars Robert De Niro, Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand.
Shareholders have also launched lawsuits against the group, claiming it made false statements and inflated sales.
Dionne Warwick, Diana Ross and Tina Turner were among the line-up of performers.
But when it comes time to do a movie, he has to go to one of those gatekeepers," Lee said.
Mr Adams did not believe anyone from Channel 4 or
Changes to mortgage regulation may have artificially depressed figures in November, thus flattering the December figures, analysts said.
Rock 'n' roll legend Elvis is set to top the UK singles chart on Sunday, 27 years after his death.
It compares with 20,479.5bn yen in trade with the US.
Singapore's economy grew by 8.1% in 2004, its best performance since 2000, figures from the trade ministry show.
"We are very pleased with the figures," a BBC spokesman said.
Bat told the BBC at that time that it had not negotiated with the STMC, and secured approval from "the highest levels of government".
She then made her film debut as a sex-starved wife in 1988's The Great Outdoors, opposite comics Dan Akroyd and John Candy.
Guy has published many histories, including one of Tudor England.
A Canadian company, named IOG, is reported to have won the contract to run the Himrin field.
, Ice Cube's road-trip comedy Are We There Yet?, slipped to second place with $17m (£9m), while Coach Carter fell two places to number four, taking $8m (£4.25m) in its third week.
A tie-up, seen as Rover's last chance to save its Longbridge plant, has been pushed by UK Chancellor Gordon Brown.
Its mid-year economic review forecasts growth of 6-6.5% in 2004, compared with 8.2% in 2003.
However, the DTI has dismissed the proposal.
Ukraine has agreed to pay 30% more for natural gas supplied by Turkmenistan.
GM said it was expecting "reduced financial losses" in Europe in 2005.
The group will also perform their own live session.
And he warned that using back taxes to deal with firms like Yukos - a technique now being applied by the Kremlin to several other firms - was a mistake.
With only 13 episodes made of the 1974 series, there is plenty of room to explore the lives of the pink cat, Professor Yaffle and the Mice of the Marvellous Mechanical Mouse Organ.
He also said that the fact the woman waited a year before coming forward, and she had had further contact with Cosby during that time, were also factors in his decision.
This was eight times higher than it had previously stated.
Indonesia is likely to have even lower take-up rates.
But Deutsche Bank has suggested Yukos artificially manufactured a legal case to stop the sale of its main asset.
Adjusted for the seasonal factors, the German jobless total rose by 227,000 in January from December.
Remember the National Lottery's draw machines Arthur and Guinevere?
You find trade unions fighting change.
There was also a shortage of US Airways flight attendants, with nearly a fifth saying they were too sick to work, leading to many flight cancellations.
Qwest said on Wednesday that MCI had rejected a deal worth $8bn.
Prospective members need to enter into negotiations with potential trading countries and change domestic laws to bring them in line with WTO regulations.
The track claimed the top spot ahead of The King's latest re-release, Are You Lonesome Tonight.
Last month, the German exchange tabled a 530 pence-per-share offer for LSE, valuing it at £1.3bn.
Record company Universal is responsible for the global distribution of the single, which will be available across Europe, Asia, South America and Canada.
Ronnie Corbett has joined fellow comedy stars Victoria Wood and David Jason in attacking the declining standards of British television programmes.
Before joining I'm a Celebrity, he had signed up to play Jack in Jack and the Beanstalk in Birmingham, and
"We say 'I like this'.
"It will take until the fourth quarter of next year before tourist visitors in Phuket and five other provinces return to their normal level," said Naris Chaiyasoot, director general at the ministry's fiscal policy office.
The half-point window, some believe, could be enough to keep US assets looking more attractive, and could help prop up the dollar.
He then performed a mellow version of Live And Let Die, the James Bond theme he recorded with the band Wings.
- Philip French, The Observer:
"It was a self-fulfilling prophesy - when I first met her husband [actor Ryan Philippe], I said 'knock her up, won't you, I need some flesh on the girl'," she joked.
"If there's a pap at the end of the road, everyone knocks on each other's doors - Paul comes round, and we warn him, because we don't know who they're after."
It could also have been picked up if he touched or leant on the car when he found the body, or from a police box in which his clothes were later stored.
General Motors (GM) saw its net profits fall 37% in the last quarter of 2004, as it continued to be hit by losses at its European operations.
During the first six months of the fiscal year, Qantas made savings of A$245m, and is on track to top its target of A$500m for the full year.
They are also asking the Sci-Fi Channel to pick it up from UPN and will stage a rally in Los Angeles on 25 February.
The company also said it would resume paying a dividend, after two years in which it focused on cutting debt.
Standard & Poor's upgraded Pakistan a few weeks ago.
It will be produced by a US production company, while the widow of Ian Curtis will also be an executive producer.
Are you able to retain discipline and self motivate to get the job done?
But the disaster has little impact on stock markets in the US and Asia.
The winning bidder at the auction was a previously unknown firm, Baikal Finance Group, which was snapped up days later by Rosneft, a Russian oil firm that is in the process of merging with Gazprom.
Ipod owners can now download the Band Aid single from iTunes after Apple reached agreement with the charity.
This is partly because there are still bank account holders who are waiting to recover some of their deposits.
More than 3,000 people were killed for political reasons under Gen Pinochet's regime, an official report says.
"The economy is producing a moderate but not a satisfying amount of job growth," said Ken Mayland, president of ClearView Economics.
To Be Wrong, backed by a gospel choir, at the 25th award ceremony at London's Earls Court.
Recently, Norwich Union and Axa Sun Life both cut their with-profit bonus rates.
Mr Brown wanted to provide $10bn (£5.38bn)
He added: "The whole world is waiting for this album and it will come out on December 27.
This Morning the show's star, Rowan Atkinson, was "more keen than he has been in the past".
But already they are turning more cautious - an auction of debt in August found few takers.
The BBC's iCan site is up for the technical and social innovation award alongside the likes of Nottingham University's Uncle Roy All Around You.
Viotti's debut at the New York's Metropolitan Opera came in 2000 with Giacomo Puccini's Madame Butterfly, followed by La Boheme, La Traviata and Fromental Halevy's La Juive.
- written, directed and starring Scrubs star Zach Braff alongside Natalie Portman.
The ceremony featured performances from the Beastie Boys, who entered the stage on bicycles and skateboards, No Doubt singer Gwen Stefani being lowered from a giant clock and Nelly doing a duet with Pharrell Williams.
The deal, which requires regulatory approval, is expected to be completed by April 2005 and to be earnings accretive in 2006, Standard Chartered said.
The fact that they will be forgotten in 6 months time is irrelevant
The Georgia pair's year of critical and commercial triumph leaves them with a tough act to follow - what can be next for a musical act that has done it all?
The SEC's investigation into so-called related party transactions includes dealings in the Trident Funds, managed by MMC Capital, the company's private equity firm.
Broadway, and now London is the same, special effects are in great demand.
Australian mining firm WMC Resources has said it is worth up to 30% more than a hostile 7.4bn Australian dollar ($5.8bn; £3bn) bid by rival Xstrata.
"We are going to go that way."
Government policy sees the bank listings as vital economic reforms.
He later secured the film rights from Paramount, enabling them to use the title
The 1997 novel Detective proved to be Hailey's final book, when at the age of 77 he decided to retire.
It has now diversified into a range of other leisure activities - mainly in the UK - including hotels, roadside service areas and holiday centres.
Organisers say this year's Berlin Film Festival, which opens on Thursday with period epic Man to Man, will celebrate a revitalised European cinema.
The list also draws attention to the growing influence of US broadcasting regulator, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
On Tuesday, the US administration asked Congress for additional funds for military operations.
" In an effort to pre-empt rising inflation, the Federal Reserve has pushed through three quarter-point rate rises since June this year, taking borrowing costs to 1.75%.
U2's contemporaries, the Pretenders, led by Chrissie Hynde - took to the stage to perform My City
Obviously with a lot of loss of life, a lot of time is needed to clean up the mess, bury the people and find the missing.
The BBC is yet to confirm the final two stars who will battle it out to become Ice King or Queen.
However, at one factory near the Dutch border things are changing.
Solidere, in which Mr Hariri was a major shareholder, was the major drag on the index.
And British actor Clive Owen is hoping to repeat his Golden Globe success with a best supporting actor award for his role in Closer.
New EU rules set compensation at between 250 euros (£173) and 600 euros, depending on the length of the flight.
His Latest Flame, entered the chart at number three, one place ahead of Girls Aloud's Wake Me Up.
The company has two manufacturing sites in County Durham.
He explained that initially, his firm is going to export building materials to Spain and United States.
but I am not sure it can last too long."
"I personally don't believe it's either dead or going to die, but it's going through a bit of a fallow patch.
Minutes of the December meeting which pushed rates up to 2.25% showed that policy-makers at the Fed are worried about accelerating inflation.
"China won't allow any new tobacco factories to be built, including joint ventures", said Xing Wangli, a spokesman for the State Tobacco Administration Monopoly quoted in China Daily.
In addition, the Labor Department revised up the number of jobs created in the two previous months - to 139,000 in September instead of 96,000, and to 198,000 in August instead of 128,000.
Getting companies and business up and running also may play a vital role in helping communities recover from the weekend's events.
But while some reviewers have been won over, there has nonetheless been a significant backlash.
On Monday, Germany's BdB private banks association said the German economy would struggle to meet its 1.4% growth target in 2005.
"Overall I see a low risk of the economy falling into serious recession," said Bank of Japan chief Toshihiko Fukui, despite warning that other indicators - such as the growth numbers - had been worrying.
On Thursday, the Times simply printed a picture of the plastic tents going up outside the Kodak Theatre to protect the red carpet from rain.
BP put production for the year at 3.997 billion barrels of oil, up 10% on 2003, but slightly lower than the four billion barrels it had initially aimed for.
The LSE, Europe's biggest stock market, is a key prize, listing stocks with a total capitalisation of £1.4 trillion.
I think we are on track," said Mr Takenaka.
The move comes after the two sides failed to come to an agreement after six months of talks.
Call it a tax on music "pollution", if you like.
The IMF however remains cautious about what it sees as a lack of transparency in government actions.
"Only in the theatre are we actually plunged into the events as they happen.
She made her first Carry On film in 1969 where she appeared in Carry On Again Doctor.
Jamie Foxx and Hilary Swank have won the Screen Actors Guild Awards for best male and female film actors, boosting their Oscars hopes this month.
Fidel Castro's decision to ban all cash transactions in US dollars in Cuba has once more turned the spotlight on Cuba's ailing economy.
In southern Asia that expansion is 23%. "
Bratman, 26, proposed to Grammy-winning singer Aguilera, 23, on holiday at an undisclosed location.
The festival itself runs until 24 January.
"I've had a great few years, met some really incredible people and been given some wonderful opportunities," the presenter said.
"I think that prices are now beginning to set a new range
This is not Nirvana unplugged.
New sections added to this year's festival include Cinema of the Future and Cinema of the World, with special focus on Russian and south-east Asian productions.
Scathes of companies went bust.
But analysts said any gains are likely to be short-lived as problems with the US economy were still significant.
"We will return to the state that which was illegally put into private hands."
He said: "We hoped that Imelda Staunton would get a nomination
, takings were down 26.5% on 2003's figures - which was blamed on Christmas falling over a weekend this year.
Its inflation index, which has risen continuously over the last 8 months, climbed to 110.0 in January from 108.0 in October last year.
They said they allowed the pictures to be taken after they were assured they would only be used for a private scrapbook, which they later received as a souvenir.
Any profits would depend on the outcome of legal cases resulting from a change in steel contractor, it added.
Firms that break the new law could face huge fines, while senior executives risk jail terms of up to 20 years.
It had agreed to loan Gazpromneft the money to bid for Yugansk.
And at the 2004 Berlin Film Festival the jury could not choose between her and Charlize Theron's Oscar winning performance in Monster so gave them a tied award.
Where both parents and other relatives are saving on behalf of a child, consideration should be given to opening separate accounts - one for parents' gifts and one for gifts from other relatives.
The winner was chosen by a panel which included X Files actress Gillian Anderson, critic Roger Clarke and Touching the Void director Kevin McDonald.
About 13,000 slaves were used as loan collateral between 1831 and 1865.
Correspondents say 6,000 job losses had been expected - and some suggest more cuts may be announced in future.
"I have no doubt in my mind that in five years, this will be the top Asian film festival in the world."
"It's also important to get some kind of independent assessment of your reporting."
For Thailand, that figure is much lower at 0.1%.
"We wouldn't want to lose them [older fans] by trying too hard by trying to connect with a new audience," the singer said.
"I don't think I would take a five or six-year-old to this," he told the CBS programme, to be aired on Sunday.
"I'm lovin' it" advertising campaign and introduced successes such as McCafe, now the biggest coffee shop brand in Australia and New Zealand.
Airlines have faced tough conditions in recent years, amid terrorism fears since the 11 September World Trade Centre attack in 2001.
Credit card debt is falling, with only one in 13 of the 48 million cards now in default - down from one in eight at the end of 2003.
"But this Michigan survey tells you that the consumer might be downshifting a little bit in terms of their confidence and their spending; this could be an indication of that."
She must also do 100 hours community service, have drug treatment, attend Narcotics Anonymous and pay a fine.
Under the terms of the offer, minority Fox shareholders will receive 1.90 News Corp shares in return for each Fox share they hold.
The US network is not part of the claim, but has supported RDF's action.
In any business, excess supply and low demand means one thing - cut prices," Mr Shipside said.
A lifetime Sunderland supporter and board director since 1984, Mr Murray agreed to buy BSkyB's 4.76% holding in the Wearside club on Tuesday - taking his stake to 42.3%.
"It is now a criminal investigation."
Those people who are lucky enough to pursue their passion to get their pay cheque shouldn't be looking for government subsidies.
"The scary fact is that budget sinners, despite having repeatedly exceeded the 3% deficit limit, do not have to fear any sanctions.
In November, Barclays, which owns former building society the Woolwich, forecast an 8% fall in property prices in 2005, followed by further declines in 2006 and 2007.
have already had one big-screen outing - 1977's Wombling Free.
Trevin Skeens alleges Wal-Mart knew of the offending word because it had censored it on its music sales website.
Prime Minister Tony Blair purchased two copies of the charity single Band Aid 20 in Edinburgh on Friday.
In the main drama category, Forty Shades of Blue was named winner of the grand jury prize.
It maybe that to an audience who have never seen the originals they can watch them without prejudice, but to people who have grown up with all these shows such as Thunderbirds and Magic Roundabout which are part of our childhood, they are never going to live up to expectation.
Prosecutors wanted the cigarette firms to surrender $280bn in profits accumulated over the past 50 years and impose tougher rules on marketing their products.
In the UK sales of song downloads overtook those for physical singles for the first time at the end of last year.
Those vehicles with potential faults are the Chevrolet Avalanche, Express, Kodiak, Silverade and Suburban; the GMC Savana, Sierra and Yukon.
She said employers would be free to continue employing people for as long as they were competent.
But meeting the Lisbon targets requires a political commitment that no EU member state has volunteered so far.
Recent housing market surveys have indicated that the UK property market has cooled in recent months after several years of rapid growth.
The budget for the fiscal year starting on 21 March calls for the sell-off of 20% of the state's corporate holdings.
He said he had received more than 40 business proposals, mostly aviation-related, since the trio announced their resignations two months ago.
The committee found the BBC had succeeded in ensuring subscription-free access to digital channels following the collapse of ITV Digital in 2002.
The figures topped analysts expectations, even though the rate of growth has slowed from 2003.
Why it needed a rebrand I don't know as the name is misleading.
The spruce has an antenna which can receive Bluetooth texts sent by visitors to the Tate.
She also condemned the "complete irresponsibility" of adding Brigitte Nielsen's former mother-in-law Jackie Stallone to the house on Monday.
The number of Americans filing initial jobless claims jumped to 367,000, the highest rate since September.
The actor was originally due to make a fifth appearance as Bond, but was released from his contract in 2004.
The prosecution's star witness, former WorldCom financial chief Scott Sullivan, has said that Mr Ebbers ordered accounting adjustments at the firm, telling him to "hit our books".
Unlike the Oscars, the Golden Globes split awards by genre - one prize for dramas and the other for musicals and comedies.
GDP is a measure of a country's economic health, reflecting the value of the goods and services it produces.
Mr Glazer and his family hold a stake of 28.1%.
The price at which its shares will begin trading will be agreed over the weekend, bankers said.
Veterans Simon and Garfunkel were in 10th place, their comeback tour helping them earn $24.9m (£13.4m) last year.
"France can't sustain a high growth rate without an improvement in the job market.
As well as Brass Eye, Morris was behind another news show satire, The Day Today, and dark sketch comedy Jam.
"It's not a very cool thing to do when you go to 'big' school
I think the issue is more fundamental: should the government be spending money on subsidising a multi-million pound industry when health and education are in such a sorry state?
He said the firm will benefit from world class "strategic partnerships, design expertise and technology, while consumers will have better choice."
" There have been corporate governance issues at some other Japanese companies too.
The festival praises him for his "sensational start" with roles in My Beautiful Launderette and costume classic
Disney failed to tell investors that between 1999 and 2001 it employed three adult children of three then directors.
The study, commissioned by Pact and the UK Film Council, included interviews with industry experts and individuals.
GM added that US truck sales fell 9% in February while car business tumbled 17%, however it did acknowledge that some new products - such as the Pontiac G6 and Chevrolet Cobalt - had put in solid performances.
The general's opponents rejoiced at the settlement, which was agreed in a court in the Spanish capital, Madrid.
A three-judge panel gave prosecution lawyers until Monday to study the documents, when the trial will be reconvened.
The Bravery played their first gig in 2003 and have since supported bands including The Libertines, Interpol and Echo and the Bunnymen.
Similarly on the up was the Smart brand of compact cars, with the division's sales jumping by 21.1% during 2004 to 136,000.
However, the output index is being held back by recent interest rate rises, sterling's strength against the dollar and high oil prices, the group noted.
Remittances now represent more than 2% of the country's GDP, according to the Bank of Mexico's figures.
Small Island, Levy's fourth novel, is set in post-war England and centres on a landlady and her lodgers.
Gazprom and Gazpromneft withdrew from the auction, and Yuganskneftegas was sold to little-known investment firm Baikal Finance Group.
Dame Alicia Markova, who has died in Bath aged 94, was the UK's first prima ballerina of the modern age, and, in her heyday, the greatest in the western world.
"It was a little softer than the consensus, but not a real surprise," said Gary Thayer, an economist at AG Edwards & Sons.
"You have explored the possibilities of film with an immense talent," Mr de Vabres said as he presented the award.
The US court's jurisdiction had been challenged by Deutsche Bank and Gazpromneft, a former unit of Russian gas monopoly Gazprom which is due to merge with Rosneft.
She did deserve it, but I agree with the comments about urban music.
"It gave me a start professionally.
"Jonesboro is a wonderful city because of what does not come here," said the Reverend Adrian Rodgers.
The Easyjet founder also said he planned to add a disclaimer to the Easygroup website to ensure customers are aware the Easymobile brand has no connection to Orange.
And when Tony Blackburn won the first show in 2002, 10.9 million people saw the show.
The 777-200LR, which had its launch delayed by the 11 September attacks in the US, is the fifth variation of Boeing's twin-aisle 777 plane.
(Marvin Gaye v Tuff Jam?), but no doubt have their connections.
Other nominees include Bill Condon for Kinsey and Michel Gondry for Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
It also includes the firms Young & Rubicam and J Walter Thompson.
Four suits worn by the Beatles on their Please Please Me album cover have sold for $110,00 (£59,000) at a US auction.
The MMF's general secretary James Seller said: "Imagine if you were an orchestra from the Orkneys?
His comments came as President George W Bush said the US backed Russian entry.
When President Nestor Kirchner of Argentina arrived in power he began to negotiate a solution to the disagreements with international utilities operating in Argentina.
There is thought to be widespread support for the plan - tabled by France and Germany following the recent G7 meeting of the world's richest nations - from EU ministers.
Giampaolo Vianello, superintendent of the Fenice Theatre Foundation, said: "I am filled with extreme sadness because, other than a great artist, he is missed as a friend - a main character in the latest joyous times, during the rebirth of our theatre."
After becoming a full-time member, Edwards became a critical part of the band, writing lyrics and playing guitar - though in many concerts, he was not actually plugged in.
But India now faces other problems, with aid workers under pressure to ensure a clean supply of water and sanitation to prevent an outbreak of disease.
President Bush focused on the fact that two million jobs have been created in the past year, claiming that it has vindicated his tax-cutting agenda.
The boards of United Bank and Standard Trust, at separate meetings yesterday, approved arrangements to merge both institutions," Standard Trust said.
The awards honour the year's leading artists and songs as determined by their performance on Billboard's weekly charts.
Qantas shares fell almost 3%, however, after it warned that earnings growth would slow in the second half.
Rates are likely to rise after the anticipated general election in
"We've had a much stronger than anticipated final week of the year that helped the industry end on a high note," said Mr Dergarabedian.
Australia is raising its benchmark interest rate to its highest level in four years despite signs of a slowdown in the country's economy.
Mukesh has spoken of ownership issues between the two brothers, who took over control of the Reliance empire following the death of their father in July, 2002.
He added: "It feels good to be selling this stuff, it's a weight off my mind. "
Ignore the labels, it is what it is, just music.
A rose by any other name etc...
The contestants on Stars on Thin Ice will each be paired up with a professional skater and will learn a new routine every week.
"Yes, we have effectively more than five million people unemployed," a government minister said earlier on ZDF public television.
Several members of the US Senate are among those affected, who could now be vulnerable to identity theft.
The agreement is the latest in a string of deals reached by Qatar, which is trying to make itself a regional leader in natural gas.
Others, however, who had stayed out fearing an imminent collapse because of prices overheating, continued to warn that the "bubble may burst any time".
" The original decision was a victory for Greece, where feta cheese is believed to have been produced for about 6,000 years.
Trade and Industry Secretary Patricia Hewitt said people would not be forced to work longer than they wanted, saying the default age was not a statutory, compulsory retirement age.
Comedy sequel Meet the Fockers, in which he stars with Ben Stiller, Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand,
The Aviator - to walk away with the Bafta for best film, and added that Finding Neverland had been lavished with nominations but not trophies.
Against the Japanese yen, it was trading at 105.28 yen, after hitting a seven-month low of 105.17 earlier in the day.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said retail sales rose 0.6% on the month and 6.1% on the year.
" The Stop Murder Music campaign saw protesters picket gigs, resulted in Sizzla's UK tour being cancelled in November, forced Mobo award organisers to drop artists from nominations and saw Beenie Man dropped from an MTV show in August.
Doc Martin (Buffalo Productions, ITV1)
I found him very powerful.
Russia's newspapers claimed that Baikal was a front for gas monopoly Gazprom, which had been expected to win.
It was later commissioned for BBC Three, where it proved a huge success, with the second series also shown on BBC One.
It tells the story of an 18-year-old woman who ages dramatically after falling under a witch's spell.
In January, Marsh agreed to pay $850m to settle the suit - a figure in line with the placement fees it collected in 2003 - and agreed to change its business practices.
He told US TV show 60 Minutes that Revenge of the Sith would be the darkest and most violent of the series.
The best song of the past 25 years?
The action - the biggest claim heard by an employment tribunal in the UK - had been viewed as something of a test case.
If I'm half the person you are and
"They need strong people on the board who do not have a history with the club," he said.
EADS - Airbus' majority owner - admitted earlier this week that the project was running 1.45bn euros (£1bn; $1.9bn) over budget.
It joined the lawsuit in December 2001alleging "massive insider trading" and fraud, claiming it had lost $145m on its investments in the company.
Both films polarised opinion but had critics talking, and the public turning up to see them - Fahrenheit 9/11 breaking US box office records for a documentary, and The Passion of the Christ making more than US$370m (£196m) in the US alone.
About 150 federal programs could be cut or axed altogether as part of a $2.5 trillion (£1.3 trillion) package aimed at curbing the giant US budget deficit.
"Our results for 2004 allow us to improve our financial structure while focusing on the innovation that drives our strategy," said chief executive Thierry Breton.
However, it said the tidal waves were unlikely to have a "significant" impact on its business.
The Achtung Baby album in 1991 was followed by Zooropa, Pop and their corresponding stadium tours, which featured giant olives, flying cars, live phone calls to the White House and Bono's transformation into alter-egos The Fly and MacPhisto.
Dutch firm Heineken saw its annual profits drop 33% and warned that earnings in 2005 may also slide.
Analysts, however, say prices will fall further if inventories continue to rise.
At the start of the year, the US currency, which had lost 7% against the euro in the final three months of 2004 and had fallen to record lows, staged something of a recovery.
Actor Christian Slater is stepping into the role of Tom in the Broadway revival of The Glass Menagerie.
Waterstone's fiction writer buyer Suzie Doore said: "It is great to see Susan Fletcher win in the first novel category.
They have also found success in Japan, Europe and the US.
The Lyric began 50 years ago but the doors opened at its present site on the Stranmillis embankment overlooking the River Lagan in 1968.
She, above all, helped popularise ballet both in Britain and in America.
Other US carriers, including United, have sought bankruptcy protection, amid high fuel costs and competition from discount carriers.
I do agree that the government should help to fund music but there is also a responsibility held by record companies!
That's particularly disappointing because originally there were meant to be commentaries and stars Gerard and Gray had agreed to do them.
Wal-Mart's average pay is almost twice the national minimum wage of $5.15 (£3.90) an hour, while employees are offered health and life insurance, company stock and a retirement plan, the adverts say.
last May. The Critics' Circle named Rebecca Lenkiewicz its most promising playwright for The Night Season, and Eddie Redmayne most promising newcomer for The Goat or, Who is Sylvia?
Venezuela has previously assured foreign companies with operations in the mineral rich country that it respects existing contracts.
"The new structure in each genre is designed to ensure that happens," she said.
Most respondents also said their national economy was getting worse.
Definitely Maybe, Really Bend It Like Beckham, The Chaplin Collection and The Day
His comments come three days before he is due to meet President Vladimir Putin.
The sequel narrowly beat its 2001 predecessor, Ocean's Eleven which took $38.1m (
Earlier this month figures showed that job creation is still weak, while consumer confidence is subdued.
Shortly after the poll, which Mr Kerekou won, Benin officials agreed to quadruple Titan's management fee.
The Argentine authorities are proud, should be proud, of the strong performance of the economy," Thomas Dawson, an IMF director, said earlier this month.
Its main drug, desmoteplase, is based on a protein in the bat's saliva.
New York band Scissor Sisters have won a gig of the year award for their performance at this year's V Festival.
A three-judge panel of the court held in 2003 that the band had abided by copyright protections by paying a licence fee for a sample of Mr Newton's recording.
Concerned that it would be caught up in a court battle,
She subsequently joined the company in January 2003.
The move is likely to be seen as the latest twist in a feud between Mr Ambani and his brother Mukesh.
Partly based upon Alan Bennett's experience as a teacher, The History Boys has been at London's National Theatre since
Despite the rise in unemployment, jobless figures are still some way below historical highs of recent years.
Any board has a responsibility to consider a bona fide offer proposal," the club said in its statement.
Sir Cameron said he hoped the production, which cost £9m to bring to the stage, was a blend of the sweet-natured film and the original book by PL Travers.
Although Mr Marchionne does not have a background in the car industry, he has been playing an increasing role in the group's activities.
Young book fans have voted Fergus Crane, a story about a boy who is taken on an adventure by a flying horse, the winner of two Smarties Book Prizes.
"If the economy pans out as they expect then they are probably going to have to hike rates."
Certain broadcasters, like Fox, claim the material they carry does not violate indecency laws and is protected under the right to free speech.
Sir Richard's show sees a group of young entrepreneurs compete to become the president of his business empire.
It was thought that Faltskog would appear in London for the musical's fifth anniversary celebrations in April 2004
We haven't seen the last of them," he adds.
surely deserves his own film vehicle.
Another high profile financial firm, China Life, is facing shareholder lawsuits and a probe by the US Securities and Exchange Commission following its 2004 New York listing over its failure to disclose accounting irregularities at its parent company.
In both cases, their shares fell by some 4%.
Jayanti Amarishi Buhecha from Cambridge was found guilty of two trademark offences last month, and sentenced at Harrow Crown Court, London, on Tuesday.
Lee is best known for his work on Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk.
India has raised the limit for foreign direct investment in telecoms companies from 49% to 74%.
Also playing on investors' minds are mixed reports about the state of the US economy.
Oasis originate from a city and characterise the urban life they know, therefore more than fit the term "urban" yet as they're a white rock band they won't be described as such.
although some way off the peak of 43% seen in the first quarter of 2004.
With the deficits that we are now running, I am glad the president is coming over with a very austere budget," he said.
so where do get off applying this uninformed filter and casting this ridiculous vote.
- Steven Gaydos, Variety: Film - Million Dollar Baby; director - Clint Eastwood; actor - Don Cheadle; actress - Imelda Staunton.
A Mini One bought when the model was launched
BBC Radio 1 DJ Trevor Nelson, NME editor Conor McNicholas, Top of the Pops presenter Fearne Cotton, Glastonbury organiser Emily Eavis and BBC Radio 2 music editor Colin Martin.
Ross, who is the presenter of BBC One's Film 2005, was also involved in the deliberations.
The deal gives Inbev, the world's biggest beermaker, near-total control over the Russian brewer.
Disney was unavailable for comment.
"This is the bill for their mismanagement over the past years," said HVB analyst Peter-Thilo Halser.
To qualify for this year's payment, customers must have been members for at least two years on 31 December 2004.
He now plans to take Fightstar on tour.
Motley Crue recently reunited after being apart for a period of five years.
The first contest was organised by the European Broadcasting Union, or EBU, in 1956, and has become an annual event pitting pop giants against musical minnows - with often surprising results.
and multiple Oscar nominee Million Dollar Baby completed the top five.
A lot of Arab money, he says, has already gone to Malaysia and Indonesia.
A weak dollar helps boost exports and narrow the current account deficit.
(e.g. Starsky & Hutch)
Scottish-based band Snow Patrol, who finished 14th in the vote and have been nominated for a pair of Brit Awards, were among the performers who covered well-known Scottish pop songs at the party on Wednesday night.
They released two Ireland-only singles, which topped the national charts in 1979 and 1980, leading to a deal with Island and their debut album Boy.
Recently however, the booming economy has boosted personal spending power and helped swell the middle classes and the corporate sector.
Twenty of his films are screening in a special retrospective during the festival, which runs until 20 February.
Some tube commuters have not hidden their frustration at the ongoing strike and have broken the windows of the underground trains, according to the local press.
The buy-back is a victory for chairman Mukesh Ambani, whose idea it was.
French writer Christophe Barratie and
The head of Lloyd's of London, the insurance market, has criticised Britain's financial watchdog, the Financial Services Authority (FSA).
The car, unveiled at the Geneva motor show, is intended to compete in the medium-sized luxury car market.
Wasp, which was commissioned by the Film Council and Channel 4, beat films by fellow UK nominees Gary McKendry and Ashvin Kumar to the prize.
Tim Dean, director of the Arkansas State University venue, said ticket sales had been brisk.
The fresh rally in crude prices followed gains on Wednesday which were triggered by large falls in US crude supplies following a cold spell in North America in January.